there are 5 people in my family : my father , mother , brother , sister , and me .
does your family live in a house or an apartment ?
we live in a house in the countryside .
what does your father do ?
my father is a doctor . he works at the local hospital .
how old is your mother ?
she is 40 years old , 1 year younger than my father .
do you have any siblings ? what is his/her name ?
yes , i do . i have 1 elder brother , david , and 1 younger sister , mary .
are you the oldest amongst your brothers and sisters ?
no , i am not . i am the second child in my family .
what do your mother/father like ?
my father likes playing football and my mother likes cooking .
do your parents let you stay out late ?
of course not . they always ask me to get home before 10 pm each night .
do you stay with your parents ?
right now , no , but i used to .
does your family usually have dinner together ?
yes , we do . my mom always prepares delicious meals for us .
how often do you eat out ? who do you go with ?
i often eat out on weekends , when i hang out with my friends .
what restaurant do you usually visit ?
well , there are not many restaurants in my neighborhood , so my best choice is the deli in convenient stores like the circle k , mini stop , b smart .
what type of food do you enjoy to eat ? western or asian ?
i am interested in asian food , western food is not my thing .
how much do you usually pay when you eat out ?
it is not very expensive , just around $5 for each meal .
do you enjoy spicy food ?
yes , i do , especially on cold days .
are the servers there friendly to you ?
yes , they are . most of them are really helpful .
have you ever tried italian food ?
yes , at least once , when i was in my friend is wedding party .
are you concerned about calories when eating out ?
yes , i am . i am on diet now , so this really matters to me .
are fast food restaurants like kfc or mcdonald is famous in your country ?
yes , they are . the youth in my country are big fans of fast food .
do you often drink alcohol when eating out ?
no , not often . just when i have parties with my friends .
how often do you read books ?
i read books almost every night before i go to bed .
what is your favorite type of book ?
i love reading about different cultures .
what can you learn from books ?
books can broaden my horizon about thousands of things around the world , and books are also my best friends .
where do you read books ?
i read books at home , sometimes in the library .
what is the most interesting book you have ever read ?
i think that would be nepal , a book written about the country of nepal , published in 1999 .
how long does it take you to finish a book ?
well , it depends on the length of the book , but it usually takes me a week to finish a 300 page book .
do you usually bring books with you when you travel ?
yes , i do . when i am at the airport or bus station , i read books to kill time .
is there any bookstore or library in your area ?
unfortunately , there are none near my house . the nearest one is 3 kilometers away .
how many places have you traveled to ?
i have visited all the provinces throughout my country .
who do you usually go with ?
i often go with my family , sometimes with my best friends .
what is your favorite tourist attraction ?
that would be venice city in italy . i love riding the gondola along the canals while watching italian people live their daily lives .
have you ever been abroad ?
yes , i have . i came to italy last year for a business trip .
what language do you use when traveling ?
english , but sometimes i have to use body language since not all people are good at english .
what do you usually do during your trip ?
i often go sightseeing , take pictures , mingle with the local people and sample the local cuisine .
what do you do to prepare for your trip ?
before the trip , i search for information about the location , weather , famous tourist attractions , transportation , local cuisine and prices on the internet .
what do you usually bring when you travel ?
i usually pack my suitcase with some necessary items such as clothes , medicine , food , a map , and a camera .
do you prefer traveling by car , train or plane ?
i prefer planes although it can be a little expensive . planes are much faster than any other mode of transport .
do you prefer traveling alone or joining a guided tour ?
i love backpacking with my friends who share the same interests as me .
what type of websites do you often search for ?
it varies depending on my goal . i prefer entertainment and education websites such as facebook .com , wikipedia .org and voa special english .
how long have you been using them ?
i have been using these websites since i was a freshman at university .
what do you visit those websites for ?
i use them to study online or relax after working .
what is your favorite website ?
i think it is probably youtube .com .
can you read websites in english ?
yes , i can . most useful websites are written in english .
what is the most popular website in your country ?
i am not quite sure , but i guess it would be facebook .com .
do you think the youth should use websites as a reliable source of knowledge ?
not always , they should choose their sources carefully .
have you ever been in any traffic accident ?
yes , three years ago .
what happened ?
i was hit by a car while crossing the road .
how did you feel then ?
i felt really terrible because of my injuries .
who was involved in the accident ?
the car driver , his family (inside the car) , and me .
did the insurance company pay for repair service ?
i was walking so i did not require any car repair services .
did you need a lawyer ?
i hurt my lower back just a little , so i did not call a lawyer .
did you report the issue to the police ?
no , we did not want to get the police involved .
were you sent to the hospital after the accident ?
no , the injury was not really serious .
do you have a driving license ?
yes , i do . i always keep it in my purse .
why should people obey traffic regulations ?
to protect themselves and others . the best ways are to wear a helmet , wait for traffic lights and stay in the appropriate vehicle/pedestrian lanes .
did you have a happy childhood ?
yes , i did . i enjoyed playing hide and seek with my peers .
did you experience your childhood in a city or countryside ?
i spent my childhood in a rural area where i could see vast rice fields .
did you usually skip class when you were a child ?
yes , i did , and many of my friends did , too .
who were you with when you were a child ?
i was with my beloved family .
what did you want to be when you were a child ?
i dreamed of being a fashion designer .
who did you love the most when you were a child ?
i loved my mom the most since she was always there and took care of me .
who was your childhood hero ?
robin hood , he took money from the rich and gave it to the poor .
what reminds you of your childhood ?
green rice fields which i happen to see everywhere remind me of my beautiful childhood .
did you change a lot when you grew up ?
yes , of course . i am more mature now both physically and mentally .
why is childhood important ?
because it shapes people into who they will become .
how many rooms are there in your house ?
there are 6 rooms : a living room , 2 bedrooms , a bathroom and a kitchen .
which floor is your bedroom on ?
my bedroom is on the first floor of a three storey house .
is it big or small ?
it is not very spacious , just enough to put necessary furniture in .
what color is your bedroom painted ?
it is painted pink , my favorite color .
do you love your room ? why ?
i love it very much because it is my private space whenever i go home .
what furniture does your bedroom contain ?
it contains a bed , a desk , and a clothing closet .
what do you do in it ?
well , i spend most of my free time there reading books and sleeping .
how much time do you spend in your room ?
about 10 hours a day , especially in the evening .
do you share your room with anyone else ?
no , everyone in my family has their own room , so i stay there alone .
what kind of presents are popular in your country ?
it depends on the receivers . for children , toys are the best choice . for youth , souvenirs are recommended .
who gave presents to you ? on what occasions ?
i have received many presents , most of which were from my friends . they gave me gifts on my birthday .
what was your last present ?
it was a hand made doll , given by my best friend when i moved to another city .
what was the one you like best ?
i loved my book nepal a lot . it was given to me on my 23rd birthday by my brother .
did you ever get a present you did not like ?
yes , i have , but i still treasure and take care of them .
how do you thank people who give you presents ?
i gave them presents that they would like .
what are the times of the year that people give presents in your country ?
some special occasions are birthdays , weddings , graduation , new year is day , valentine is day , housewarming ceremonies , etc .
who was the last person you gave a present to ?
my mom , i bought her a coat on a business trip to bangkok .
is giving presents important in daily life ?
yes , it is . it is one of the best ways to show your love and gratitude to someone .
which tourist attractions do you prefer when traveling ? historical places or natural landmarks ?
well , historical places are always my first choice when traveling .
what do you usually do when visiting historical places ?
i usually listen to the tour guide introducing the sights and take notes about important historical events .
can you name some historical places you have visited ?
whenever i travel to a foreign country , i always visit its famous historical places . some of them are the pyramids in egypt , angkor wat in cambodia , stonehenge in england and the taj mahal in india .
what is your most favorite historical place ? why ?
i love the pyramids the most . taking a tour around the pyramids , i can not only enjoy the gorgeous architecture but also learn cultural and historical values of the ancient egyptian culture .
what is the most famous historical place in your country ?
it is definitely the statue of liberty in new york city .
what is special about it ?
the statue was gifted by the people of france . it is a symbol of freedom for the us as well as a welcoming sight to people coming to the us from another country .
where is it located ?
it is located on liberty island in new york harbor , nyc .
should the youth visit historical places instead of other places ?
sure . nowadays the youth should visit these kind of places more often in order to preserve historical and cultural values of their country .
what are the benefits of reading a newspaper/magazine ?
newspapers/magazines can broaden your mind about thousands of things without the need to travel .
how often do you read it ?
i read it every day .
what is the best time to read the newspaper ?
i think the best time is in the morning when you start a new day .
what types of magazines do you usually read ?
i usually read politics and fashion magazines . i also enjoy reading about culture and tourism .
what is your favorite magazine ?
my favorite is the new york times , which writes about all sorts of things : business , sports , movies , travel , books , jobs , education , and real estate .
do you read the paper or online news ?
i prefer online news to save money .
how much does it cost you to buy paper newspaper per month ?
i only buy a monthly newspaper , so it does not cost much money . around $5/month .
what is the most popular magazine in your country ?
i think it would be forbes magazine , a leading source for reliable business news and financial information .
with the popularity of internet , do you think newspapers and magazines will disappear ?
yes , unfortunately it is just a matter of time .
how many events have you joined this year ? what were they about ?
i have joined more than 10 events so far , most of which were about education .
what was your most memorable event ?
the most memorable for me was an international study conference , in which i was introduced to some famous universities in europe to study overseas .
was it organized indoors or outdoors ?
it was an indoor event .
who sponsored the event ?
the event organizer was the education department of american center , but the universities introduced in the conference were the ones who paid .
who went to the event with you ?
i went there with my friends , who shared the same interest in studying abroad as me .
what were some performances in the event ?
there were not many performances . each university representative just had a speech to introduce their school to students and then they hosted q&a session .
was the event shown on tv ?
the event was not aired , but there were television advertisements for it .
how would someone market an event ?
taking advantage of social media is a smart way to promote an event .
what subjects did you learn in school ?
i learned math , science , physics , biology , geography , history , literature , english , art , and music .
what subject did you like the most when you were at school ? were you good at it ?
i liked biology the most although i was excellent at literature .
did your friends like that subject too ?
yes , they did . they enjoyed every single biology lesson .
was the textbook written in english or any other language ?
it was written in english .
who taught that subject ?
my teacher was ms . karen , from the usa .
how was that subject helpful to you ?
it helped me a lot in becoming a biology teacher .
how often did you learn that subject ?
i often had biology lessons 5 times a week .
how long did you spend on that subject at home ?
i spent roughly 2 hours per day studying biology at home .
have you ever attended any extra classes for that subject ?
yes , i have . i usually attended evening classes .
is it important to study hard on both social sciences and natural sciences ?
no , it is not . students should study the ones they like and those that are helpful to their career path .
what type of museum is popular in your country ?
there are many types of museums , but the most popular are historical museums .
what is the most famous museum in your country ?
that would be the british museum , located in london .
what is special about it ?
i am impressed by its large amount of historical , art , and cultural work .
how many times have you visited that museum ?
i have visited the museum twice .
what do you usually do when visiting a museum ?
i usually listen to the tour guide and take notes about important information .
are you allowed to take pictures there ?
no , the guards did not allow us to bring the camera in .
how did you feel after visiting there ?
the overall experience was fantastic , and i learned so many things in just a few hours .
what do you think is the importance of museums in history ?
museums are an integral part of any country is history , and they keep history alive .
do you usually watch movies at home or at a movie theater ?
i usually watch movies on my laptop , sometimes i go to the movie theater .
is watching movies at the theater more interesting than watching movies at home ?
yes , definitely , because you can watch vivid images on a large screen with lively sound effects .
how often do you go to the movie theater ?
i often go to the movie theater every weekend .
what is your favorite type of movie ? what movie of that type do you like ?
my favorite type is comedy because whenever i watch one , i feel like there are no more worries in the world . i love the mr .bean movie series .
was that movie adapted from a book ?
no , the story is derived from funny situations in real life .
who are the actors/actresses in the movie ?
mr . bean is the main character , he is played by rowan atkinson who is from england .
was it recommended by your friend , teacher or family ?
it was recommended by my classmate .
was the movie in your mother language or in english ?
it was in english , but i can also watch it with subtitles .
should children watch violent movies ?
i do not believe so . young children are very impressionable and it could lead them to wanting to imitate the behavior .
what is the most important factor of a great movie ?
i believe that plot and actors are among the factors which decide the success of a movie .
do you usually watch movies at home or at a movie theater ?
i usually watch movies on my laptop , sometimes i go to the movie theater .
is watching movies at the theater more interesting than watching movies at home ?
yes , definitely , because you can watch vivid images on a large screen with lively sound effects .
how often do you go to the movie theater ?
i often go to the movie theater every weekend .
what is your favorite type of movie ? what movie of that type do you like ?
my favorite type is comedy because whenever i watch one , i feel like there are no more worries in the world . i love the mr .bean movie series .
was that movie adapted from a book ?
no , the story is derived from funny situations in real life .
who are the actors/actresses in the movie ?
mr . bean is the main character , he is played by rowan atkinson who is from england .
was it recommended by your friend , teacher or family ?
it was recommended by my classmate .
was the movie in your mother language or in english ?
it was in english , but i can also watch it with subtitles .
should children watch violent movies ?
i do not believe so . young children are very impressionable and it could lead them to wanting to imitate the behavior .
what is the most important factor of a great movie ?
i believe that plot and actors are among the factors which decide the success of a movie .
have you ever travelled abroad ? if yes , what country was it ?
yes , i have . i traveled to the usa last year with my family .
where is that country located ?
the usa is located in north america .
what is it famous for ?
the usa is known for its cultural achievements and landmarks .
what are the special food and drinks of that country ?
there are many . they are known for fast food , dairy , and many beverages .
what do you like about that country ?
i like the fast pace of life and the various sub cultures .
how many citizens are there in that country ?
the current population of the united states of america was over 324 million in 2016 , which accounts for 4 .3% of the total world population .
what language do people there speak ?
the national language is english , but many people also speak spanish , french , german , and chinese .
do you want to go back there again ?
sure .
why do people like to travel abroad ?
they just want to discover new places , learn new cultures and maybe speak new languages .
on what occasions do people in your country celebrate parties ?
there are many occasions when people throw parties such as new year is eve , wedding engagments , family reunions , birthdays , etc , but sometimes people hold parties just when they meet up and want to have something fun to do .
are you a party animal ?
yes , i am . i am crazy about going to parties . i love meeting friends , drinking , and talking .
when do parties often start and finish ?
it depends on what kind of party it is . i believe the perfect time to have a party is in the evening , from 8 11 pm .
where are the parties thrown ?
they are held inside or outside . some formal events like weddings/housewarmings are organized inside while others like family reunions and birthdays may be held outside .
what do you usually wear when you come to a party ?
i often wear casual clothes like a t shirt and jeans if i go to informal parties , and a dress for formal ones .
what do people do in the parties you attended ?
at the party , people talk , eat and drink together . some go there to find business opportunities and new partners .
do you enjoy drinking alcohol at the parties ?
yes , a little beer can cheer me up .
do people have to bring anything to the party ?
it is not required , but sometimes visitors bring some gifts to show their love for the host .
why do people , especially the youth , love going to parties ?
it is just a good way for them to chill out after a long day .
who is your favorite teacher ?
i like mr . tom the most , he is my english teacher .
is he a foreign teacher ?
yes , he is from the us .
what do you like about his lessons ?
i have fallen in love with his american accent and he always shows us something new about the world outside of textbooks .
what is he like ?
he is not only knowledgeable but also very friendly . he always treats us like friends , not students .
what does he usually wear when coming to class ?
he usually wears a gray suit when he comes to class .
do you love his subject ?
yes , i enjoy english a lot .
do students in your class like him ?
yes , all of us admire him .
do you want to be a teacher like him ?
no , although i like him , my dream is not to become a teacher . i would like to be a chef .
have you ever been punished by him ?
no , he rarely punishes anyone .
do you want to see him again ?
of course , he is a great mentor .
who is your best friend ?
it is jenny . she is my best friend .
what does she look like ?
she has shoulder length brown hair . i just love her lovely smile .
how and when did you meet ?
i first met her when we were in high school .
how often do you see this friend ?
i see her every day . we are in the same class .
what is she like ?
she is not only thoughtful but also very understanding . she is always by my side to cheer me up whenever i am in trouble .
do you and her share anything in common ?
yes , a lot . we both love shopping and playing sports .
what do you and her do together ?
we usually do homework and read books together .
have you and her ever quarreled ?
yes , but we seldom quarrel . when we do argue , afterwards we seem to understand more about each other .
does she know how to cook ?
yes , but she is not a great cook .
do your parents like her ?
yes , a lot . they always ask jenny to come over for dinner .
why is a friend important in life ?
a good friend can make your life better in many ways . i do not think anyone can stand loneliness .
what is your favorite hotel ? where is it located ?
it is the sheraton , a five star hotel located in saigon , vietnam .
how do you know that hotel ?
before coming to vietnam for traveling , i searched on the internet . it is one of the best hotels in vietnam .
why do you choose to stay in that particular hotel ?
i like the architecture there , and online all the reviews about the hotel are positive .
is it by the beach ?
no , saigon is not a beach side city .
does it attract many tourists ?
yes , i guess . when i stayed there , it was completely booked .
what type of room did you stay in and what facilities did you get from the hotel ?
i stayed in a double bed room . the room is equipped with air conditioner , a flat screen tv , wardrobe , etc .
what do you like about that hotel ?
a gymnasium , swimming pool , and bbq area are available . i also love the green space surrounding the hotel .
is all the staff friendly and helpful ?
yes , definitely . they all are professional .
how much does it cost a night ?
it costs me around $250/night .
do you recommend that hotel to friends ?
yes , if they come to vietnam . i love everything there .
who wrote the letter to you ?
my dad wrote the letter to me when he was on a business trip .
did you keep the letter ?
yes , i put it in a folder . whenever i am down , reading his letter would be a good way to cheer me up .
what was the letter about ?
he told me about his new workplace and how things were there .
how did you feel about the letter ?
i was glad to know that he was fine in another city .
do you have a letter collection ?
yes . i collect all the letters from family and friends . it is one of my hobbies .
do you like writing letters or emails ?
i prefer writing paper letters .
do people in your country usually write letters ?
years ago they did . now people prefer emails .
what is the difference between emails and hand written letters ?
emails are much more convenient than letters because they are free to send and they get there instantly . however , letters are much more special .
why should we write letters to friends or relatives ?
it is a good way to show love to people you care about .
what is your hobby ?
i like playing sports , especially swimming .
is your hobby common in your country ?
yes , kids , adults , and senior citizens all like swimming in my country .
is your hobby the same as when you were a child ?
yes , i was fond of swimming when i was a little girl .
when did you start practicing that hobby ?
i started swimming when i was 5 years old .
is there anybody in your family who you share your hobby with ?
my dad , he taught me how to swim .
how much time do you spend on your hobby ?
i usually go to the swimming pool twice a week .
what benefits do you get from it ?
swimming is a really good workout . it helps me keep fit and chill out after a long day working .
have you ever heard of someone having a very unusual hobby ? what was it ?
yes , my cousin loves tattooing vehicles . he puts stickers everywhere on his car .
what do you think about someone having weird hobbies ?
i do not think any hobby is weird . it is just what you like to do , so i do not judge others .
what hobbies are usually expensive in your country ?
playing golf is a really expensive hobby . only the rich can afford to buy golf supplies .
what kind of music do you like ?
i am crazy about pop music .
is that the kind of music preferred in your country ?
it varies . normally the youth enjoy rock and pop while middle aged citizens prefer country music .
who is your favorite singer ?
i am a big fan of miley cyrus , a talented us singer , songwriter , and actress .
what piece of music do you like ? who sang that song ?
my favorite song is jolene , sung by miley cyrus .
how much time a day do you spend listening to music ?
i usually listen to music all day with an mp3 player .
do you feel relaxed listening to music ?
sure . i feel like there are no more worries in the world .
why is music important to us ?
music has the power of beautifying our life .
do you usually go to bars or clubs ?
not often . i sometimes go there on weekends .
what do you think about the teenagers’ music style ?
teenagers tend to choose loud and fast music like rock or rap . everyone has their own taste of music though .
have you ever thought of forming a music band ?
no , i do not have any talent for music .
do you like shopping ?
yes , i am a shopaholic .
what do you usually shop for ?
i usually shop for clothes . i am a big fashion fan .
where do you go shopping ?
at some fashion boutiques in my neighborhood .
are there many shops in your neighborhood ?
yes . my area is the city center , so i have many choices of where to shop .
do you spend much money on shopping ?
yes and i am usually broke at the end of the month .
do you usually shop online ? what items ?
yes , but not really often . i only buy furniture online .
what is the difference between shopping online and offline ?
unlike shopping offline , you cannot try on the pieces of clothes or check the material when shopping online .
where did you go for holiday ?
last year i went to singapore , a southeast asian country .
why did you choose that destination ?
i love to travel to asian countries and singapore was my best choice because of its beauty and culture .
how long did it last ?
i stayed there for 2 weeks .
who went with you ?
i traveled to singapore with my best friends .
how did you travel ?
we flew there of course . during the time there , we moved mostly by mrt and taxi .
what did you pack up ?
i only brought some necessary items such as money , clothes , medicine , a map and a digital camera .
what did you do during the holiday ?
we visited famous tourist attractions like marina bay sands , merlion park , artsience museum , singapore flyers . we also enjoyed local cuisine there .
what is the difference between holidays today and 20 years ago ?
well , it has changed a lot . people now can afford holidays outside their countries while 20 years ago , traveling abroad seemed hard .
at what time do people in your country usually go on holiday ?
it depends on what job people have . when they have a break from work , they will find somewhere to travel .
are you an animal lover ?
yes , i am . i love animals .
are you raising any pets ?
yes , i have a pitbull puppy at home .
what is it like ?
my puppy is friendly , highly intelligent and well behaved . he always waves his tail and licks my hand to welcome me home .
what does it look like ?
he is a medium sized puppy with a strong neck , broad chest and brown hair .
what are its habits ?
my pitbull puppy loves doing exercise every day . when he plays , he plays to win .
what do you usually do with it ?
we usually play tennis together . my puppy helps me pick up tennis balls .
what does it like to eat ?
he loves beef , chicken and some dairy products .
what do you learn from it ?
he teaches me loyalty . an adult pitbull may make me feel safe .
why do people keep pets ?
they consider pets as their loyal companions which make their life better .
are pets well looked after in your country ?
yes . people in my country love pets .
what practical skill have you learned ?
cooking is a practical skill that i have practiced recently .
who taught you that skill ?
my mom is the best cook . she taught me everything about how to make soup , salad , omelettes , cake , etc .
how did you learn it ?
she shows me how to buy food , prepare ingredients , and cook meals whenever she is in the kitchen . i learn how to boil , grill , steam , fry , braise , etc . day by day .
why did you learn it ?
i just want to be a good cook like my mom when i get married . i will prepare the best dishes for my husband and children .
how long did it take for you to learn it ?
i learned it in 4 years . the skill seems to be strengthened when i live apart from my family for studying .
how often do you use this skill ?
i cook every day . i also love homemade food .
how has this skill helped you ?
it makes me more confident whenever i go on a picnic outside . i am always responsible for the bbq .
do people in your family know this skill , too ?
my younger sister knows how to cook , too . she has just started learning .
do all skills need learning ?
yes , they do . ‘’practice makes perfect .’’
how is this skill important to you ?
it is an essential life skill . all women need to know this to keep their family warm and happy .
what sport do you like ?
i like playing badminton .
is it easy to play that sport ?
yes , it is pretty easy to play .
is that sport popular in your country ?
yes , it is .
how long have you been practicing that sport ?
i have been practicing it for 5 years .
who do you play sports with ?
i play badminton with my friends , sometimes with my brother .
how often do you play that sport ?
i play badminton every weekend .
what benefits can you get from that sport ?
it helps strengthen my muscles because while playing , i have to move continuously . it is good to burn calories as well .
do you like watching football ? online or offline ?
yes , i do . i prefer watching football offline and online . going to the stadium , shouting and cheering are good to release stress .
what is your favorite football team ?
i like the manchester united football club , also known as “the red devils” .
why is sport important ?
sports are sources of recreation . people can learn how to encourage team spirit when they play sports , too .
what school did you go to ?
i went to millennium high school , founded in 1999 .
where is the school located ?
it is located in new york city , united states .
do you like the architecture of the school ?
yes , i do . the architecture is not really impressive , but i like it that the building is architects left plenty of space for lounging .
what are the teachers like ?
most of the teachers there are helpful and friendly . i especially like mr . mike , my physics teacher .
how long have you spent there ?
i have spent 3 years of upper secondary school there .
is that a single sex school ?
no , it is not . this is a unisex school .
do you like the school uniform ?
we do not wear uniforms at school , actually .
why do you enjoy the time there ?
although i had to deal with quite a heavy workload , i enjoy the relaxing atmosphere when hanging out with friends in the cafeteria there .
what important lesson did you learn from school ?
i learned how to work in a group in which there are many friends coming from different cultures . that is the lesson of cooperation .
will you recommend that school to others ?
yes , of course . i am proud to recommend millennium high school to anyone who is searching for a good place to learn .
how many popular festivals are there in your country ?
there are many : new year is day , martin luther king day , valentine is day , st . patrick day , easter , etc .
what is the most important festival in your country ?
i believe that new year is day is the most important one since it is a chance for family reunion and parties . people gather together to welcome the new year .
when does it take place ?
it occurs on january 1st .
where is the festival celebrated ?
the new year is day is celebrated all over the country . each family has its own way to celebrate the day .
what do people do to prepare for the festival ?
before new year’ day , people go shopping for food and drinks , repair the house or put up decor .
who can join the festival ?
it is a day for everybody .
what do people do in the festival ?
on new year’ eve , people have a party with traditional food and drinks . after that , they may visit friends or relatives , go to the movies or watch sports .
what is special about that festival ?
it marks the end of a year and celebrates a new year . people believe that the things they do on the first day will bring good luck and prosperity to them during the whole year .
is the festival culturally related ?
sure , the festival is an integral part of culture .
why is a festival important ?
it adds structure to our social lives and connects us with our families and backgrounds .
do you like to cook ?
yes , i do . cooking helps me feel relaxed after long hours working .
is there any kind of food you do not like ?
i do not really like fried chicken , which is very high in fat .
do you eat out or cook at home ?
i usually cook at home , sometimes when i am busy , i go out to eat .
how often do you cook ?
just when i have free time . my mom is often responsible for preparing meals . she is the best cook ever .
what is your favorite food ?
i am addicted to sushi . i can eat sushi every day .
is it western or asian cuisine ?
it is asian cuisine . sushi is derived from japan .
is it easy to make your favorite food ?
yes , i guess . the recipe is quite simple .
what ingredients do you need to make that food ?
i would need rice , eggs , meat , seafood , and vegetables .
what do you think about fast food ?
i do not really like fast food . it is not healthy at all .
would you say that you have a healthy diet ?
yes , i would . i prefer eating vitamins , protein and less fat .
what is the most useful household appliance that you have ?
that is definitely the washing machine .
when did you buy it ?
i bought it 2 years ago . actually , my mom gave it to me as a birthday present .
is it expensive ?
i do not think it cost that much .
is it easy to use ?
yes , it is pretty simple .
how does it work ?
just put clothes in , press the desired button and everything will be done within several minutes .
how often do you use it ?
i wash my clothes twice a week .
will you replace it with a more modern one ?
no , because it was a present and it is still working well .
how does your life change with that household appliance ?
it makes our life more convenient . we can save time as well .
do you think that household appliances will make people lazier and lazier ?
yes , to some extent . with the help of electronic equipment , people tend to forget manual tasks and become lazier .
what is your favorite music band ?
i am a big fan of one direction . there are 5 singers in the band .
is it famous around the world ?
yes , it is . the band is well known around the world . almost all teenagers love them .
what is their taste of music ?
they sing pop music . their most famous song may be “what makes you beautiful’’ .
are they good at dancing ?
yes , i think so . i fall in love with their every step .
have you ever seen them in real life ?
nope , i just watch them on media . i wish i will see them one day .
how often do you come to their show ?
i watch videos almost every day . listening to their songs helps me chill out .
can you sing their songs ?
yes , but only one song . i just keep singing it over and over again every day .
do your friends like them ?
of course . we usually watch their performances and discuss it together .
do they have anti fans ?
yes , every famous singer has anti fans .
what is the weather like in your country ?
well , there are 4 seasons : spring , summer , fall , and winter , which vary considerably in characteristics .
what kind of weather do you like ?
i enjoy hot weather . there are more things to do when it is sunny . i love swimming and sunbathing .
what months have the best weather in your country ?
i believe it depends . for me , the best weather is from june to august when it is warm across the country .
do you like it when it rains ?
not at all . i hate raining .
how does the weather affect your feelings ?
i usually have a bad mood when it rains . the rain reminds me of sad memories .
how has the weather changed recently ?
due to global warming , the weather has become more and more unpredictable . it is boiling hot in summer and freezing cold on winter days .
do you usually watch the weather forecast ?
no , not very often .
what is your favorite season ? why ?
let is see . i love spring when trees and flowers blossom .
what do you like to do when it is windy ?
when it is windy , i like flying a kite with my friends . that is interesting .
who is your neighbor ?
my neighbor is a university student . he lives next to my apartment .
when did you become neighbors ?
i first met him when i moved to this apartment 2 years ago .
is he friendly ?
yes , he is . he always smiles when he sees me .
how often do you see him ?
every day at the gate . sometimes i invite him to my apartment when i throw a party .
do you have any problems with him ?
only once when he sang karaoke too loud , which kept me awake all night . we ended up talking to each other the next day , and he never sang karaoke at midnight from then on .
does he usually help you ?
yes , he does . he usually helps me run errands .
would you be sad if he moves to another area ?
yes , of course . that will upset me if he leaves .
what is the difference between friends and neighbors ?
i am not quite sure , but i think the difference may lie in the relationship . a friend can be someone you share your feelings with , while a neighbor can just be someone living next door .
what do you need to be a good neighbor ?
being respectful is the most important factor in building a good relationship .
do you like visiting natural places ?
yes , i do . being close to nature helps me release stress and worry .
what is the most impressive natural scenery you have ever seen ?
that is the horseshoe of the colorado river in arizona . it is such a great scenic place on earth .
when did you see it ?
i visited the place last summer holiday .
who went with you ?
i went there with my family . we camped near the place .
what is special about it ?
i am fond of the great nature there . it is a horseshoe shaped meander of colorado river .
how has it changed recently ?
it does not change much actually .
what is the next natural scenery you would like to visit ?
my next destination would be the maroon bells in colorado . i fell in love with mountain ranges and yellow flowers there .
what can people get from visiting natural places ?
people will get closer to mother nature . children have more motivation to discover the world around them .
what are some famous natural attractions in your country ?
there are many such as death valley , niagara falls , the redwoods , and the grand canyon , to name a few .
what outdoor activity do you participate in ?
i do many , but my favorite one is jogging .
where do you do it ?
i go jogging in the park near my place .
who do you do outdoor activities with ?
i usually go jogging with my family .
who shares the same interests as you ?
my family , especially my dad . we usually jog together .
how often do you take part in outdoor activities ?
every morning , except on rainy days .
how do you feel after activities ?
i feel really relaxed and refreshed .
what benefits can you get from outdoor activities ?
it is a good workout method . jogging is also a good way for me to charge batteries for a long day working .
do you usually play sports outdoors ?
yes , i do . i play volleyball and swim outdoors .
why are children less interested in outdoor activities nowadays ?
children nowadays prefer high tech gadgets like computers , ipads , and phones to outdoor activities .
what law do you like ?
i like the traffic law of wearing the helmet when traveling by motorbike .
is that an international law ?
yes , people around the world follow this law .
when was it issued ?
i am not quite sure , but i guess a long time ago .
who told you that law ?
i learned it at school .
is it easy to follow that law ?
yes , it is . it does not cause any inconvenience at all .
what do you think about that law ?
the traffic law is so necessary for traffic participants when they are on the road .
what benefit can you get from following that law ?
it may keep me safe from traffic accidents .
why should people obey the law strictly ?
following law is a good way to protect themselves as well as others .
what can be done to encourage people to follow the law ?
obeying law is people is responsibility . if they against the law , they will put themselves in trouble .
how many kinds of pollution are there ?
there are many types of pollution : land , water , noise , air , light , thermal pollution .
what type of pollution is popular in your country ?
the most popular one is water pollution , i guess .
have you ever littered ?
yes , i have , but when i was taught the lesson of protecting mother nature , i quit littering .
what can you do to help prevent pollution ?
reduce and reuse whatever i can to eliminate the amount of waste is what i can do to prevent pollution .
what does the government do to encourage people to protect the environment ?
they organize some campaigns to raise the awareness of people . everything should start from education .
are people in your country aware of the environmental issues ?
yes , they are . they care about what happens to the environment around them .
is there any law to force people to protect the environment ?
yes . the environment law states punishments to people doing harm to the environment .
are you comfortable with traffic jam ?
not at all . i feel annoyed .
why does it happen ?
because there are too many vehicles on the streets during rush hours , i bet .
how often do you sit in a traffic jam ?
just every day , when i finish office hour and go back home .
what time in a day are you usually caught in a traffic jam ?
in rush hour at 7 a .m and 5 p .m
how long does it take to escape from the traffic jam ?
at least half an hour .
what do you do while waiting in a long line ?
i often glance at my watch actually .
have you ever had any trouble caused by traffic jam ?
yes , just yesterday i was late for an important meeting with my clients .
how has the traffic situation changed recently ?
there are more vehicles , which makes traffic jam more and more serious .
what is your favorite tv program ?
well , i watch a lot , but the one i like best is “how is it made” .
is that an international tv program ?
yes , it is . it is available in canada , europe , australia , new zealand , southeast asia , and so on .
what is the tv program about ?
its name somehow describes the content , which is about the process of making things like lipsticks , balls , candy , toys , chocolate and so on .
how often do you watch that tv program ?
almost every day after dinner .
who watches that program with you ?
my family watches it together . my younger brother ca not wait to turn on the tv .
what channel is it on ?
a very common one , discovery channel , which focuses on popular science , technology , and history .
why do you like that tv program ?
i love learning new things , especially about how everything is produced . i would love to run a business about hand made cosmetics .
how does that tv program change you ?
i know more about the world around me . it also supports me in my career path to make my dream come true .
who is its target audience ?
it particularly aims at families and younger audiences .
would you recommend that tv program to your friends ?
yes , of course . they would be crazy about the program , i bet .
what is the most impressive building you have visited ?
it is the petronas twin tower in malaysia .
where is it located ?
it is located in the capital of malaysia , kuala lumpur .
how tall is it ?
they were the tallest buildings in the world from 1998 to 2004 . it reaches the height of 451 .9 meters .
who was the architect ?
césar pelli , an argentine american architect .
is it well known all over the world ?
sure . tourists ca not miss it when visiting malaysia .
do you have to purchase a ticket in order to visit the tower ?
yes , i do . it is sold online .
when did you see it ?
i saw it 2 years ago .
will you come back there again ?
of course . i am looking forward to seeing again someday .
what kind of electronic media is popular in your country ?
there are some popular kinds : radio , tv and online news .
what is your favorite kind ?
i like online news because i have to work with computers every day , it is easier for me to read online .
why do you like it ?
due to its convenience . i love reading anyway .
how often do you access to that kind of electronic media ?
every morning before i start working .
what is interesting about it ?
instead of watching tv or listening to radio passively , i ‘d rather read and think about the news .
is it convenient to access to that kind of electronic media ?
yes , with a computer , smartphone connected to the internet , you can read electronic news anytime and anywhere .
do your family like that electronic media too ?
no . my dad likes radio , and my mom likes tv .
how has mass media  changed recently ?
they are more modern and user friendly .
what is your desired job ?
well , my dream changes in accordance to age . up to now , i would like to be a great english teacher .
is that a demanding job ?
yes , i think so although people suppose that being a teacher is easy and boring .
what challenge do you have when doing that job ?
i have some problems with classroom management . maybe i have to improve that skill a lot in order to be a good teacher .
is it hard to make your dream come true ?
every job needs time and effort , and teacher does as well . apart from the academic knowledge i was taught in university , i have to learn many other soft skills .
why do you choose that job ?
i really admired my high school english teacher , and i want to be like her .
what requirements and characteristics do you need to do that job ?
let is see . you need to be patient , thoughtful and sympathetic .
does the job have something to do with your major at university ?
sure . i studied english linguistics and literature , majored in english teaching . the major does support me a lot in my career path .
what does the society think about your job ?
i am not quite sure , but i am proud to be a teacher , an honor job .
do you make much money with that job ?
not at all . teacher is one of the lowest paying jobs in my country .
have you ever thought of leaving your job ?
i have not thought of that before , but i believe in what i am doing right now .
what is the most impressive competition you have entered ?
i took part in an eloquence competition , organized by my university last year .
what was it about ?
the competition was to find out the best public speaker in the university .
were there many participants in the competition ?
yes , there were around 500 participants totally .
what prize did you get ?
well , i did not get a very high prize , but it did not matter , i was still happy with the result .
what could you learn from the competition ?
i learned the way to develop ideas for a speech beside some body language tips in public speaking .
did you have to prepare a lot for the competition ?
yes , i did . i read various materials about eloquence , as well as rehearsed a lot .
how did you know about the competition ?
the competition was informed in the school poster .
did you do your best then ?
yes , i think so . after the competition , i know i have to try more .
is the competition useful , in your opinion ?
sure . it helps students learn soft skills as well as become more confident in life .
is there any garden that you like ?
yes , i love the strawberry garden in my neighborhood .
where is it ?
it is in the highland area where i live .
when did you first see it ?
i accidentally saw it when i had a picnic in the highland .
what were planted in the garden ?
strawberries , of course . there are also some boxes of cucumbers next to the strawberry beds .
why do you like the garden ?
i love picking red strawberries . the garden brings me closer to nature as well .
what is special about the garden ?
the strawberries there are organic .
how do people do the gardening ?
keeping the beds mulched is important since it helps reduce water needs .
how often do you visit the garden ?
just when i have leisure time since i am quite busy .
is there any relation between the green garden and your mood ?
yes , at least for me . the green will help me chill out .
do you want to be a gardener ?
honestly , no . i am not used to manual work .
where is your hometown ?
my hometown is a coastal state of us .
is it the city or the countryside ?
i live in a suburb area .
what is it known for ?
it is famous for tobaccos .
what do people do there ?
agriculture is the main industry in my hometown . most of the people here plant and sell tobaccos .
how is the atmosphere there ?
well , it is quite peaceful . i enjoy the fresh air here .
how are people there ?
they are friendly and hospitable .
would you like to live in your hometown or somewhere else ?
yes , i would . i just wish i can live here forever .
is it easy to find a job there ?
manual work is easy to find . i am not sure about the white  collar jobs .
is it a good environment for young people ?
i do not think so . the pace of life here is quite slow . if they want to work in a dynamic environment , they had better move to the city .
is traffic congestion a big problem in your hometown ?
not at all . we could not be happier with the traffic system here .
what is your favorite item of clothing ?
my favorite one is a maxi dress . i wear it when hanging out with my friends or attending parties .
when did you buy it ?
my friend gave it to me as a birthday present when i turned to 21 .
where did you buy it ?
i had no idea where my close friend bought it .
what color is it ?
it is blue – my favorite color .
was it expensive ?
yes , i guessed .
why do you like it ?
well , i am kind of short and plump , so it is hard to find a piece of clothing that fits me perfectly , but that one does . i also love the color and style .
do clothes help to build your personal brand ?
yes , i agree with it to some extent . i still believe that personal brand can be built from the inside rather than the outside . however , what you wear also plays an important role in saying who you are .
have you seen anybody wearing unusual clothes ?
yes , i have , but i do not think any fashion style is weird . i believe everybody has their own taste of fashion .
how has your fashion style changed recently ?
i always wore formal shirt and trousers whenever hanging out years ago , but now i change into casuals like jeans and t shirt .
what is your favorite advertisement ?
i am quite impressed with the advertisement about surf – a laundry detergent made by unilever .
where did you see it ?
i accidentally saw it on tv 2 years ago .
what happened in the advertisement ?
the ad told a story of a family in which the children all loved their step mother due to the white shirts she prepared for them .
why do you like it ?
i just ca not stop loving the story in the ad . it is such a sweet story .
was there any famous actor actress in the advertisement ?
not at all . the actors were not very well known , i think .
did it attract much attention ?
i have no idea , but i saw it in many public places .
what do you like the most in the advertisement ?
well , the vivid images and sound effects did attract me .
do you believe in advertisements ?
not really . ads always say good things and neglect to mention bad things about a product for obvious reasons .
how have advertisements changed recently ?
they are more modern . digital marketing has proved successful in many fields .
what project did you work on ?
i made an english poster about our environment .
was that an indoor or outdoor project ?
the project was carried out mostly outdoor , only the last phase was conducted indoor .
who was involved in the project ?
my teammates and an advisory teacher .
what did you do ?
we had a field trip to the countryside where we studied insects and plants .
was it a successful project ?
yes . we received compliments from our professor .
who was your advisory teacher ?
our science teacher , mr .john . we learned a lot from him .
what did you learn after the project ?
i learned how to write contents and decorate posters .
did you like your partners ?
yes . most of them were friendly and responsible . i particularly liked michael , the leader of my team .
what did you get after the project ?
after the project , i know how to work in a team and cooperate well with my teammates .
have you ever attended someone is wedding ? who was he/she ?
yes , a lot , but the most memorable one is my best friends .
who went with you ?
i went with one of my classmates .
where was the wedding organized ?
it was held in a restaurant downtown .
what did people do in the wedding ?
they enjoyed wedding feast , sang and danced together after giving the couple best wishes of an ever lasting happiness .
what did the bride and groom wear ?
the bride wore a white wedding gown while the groom wore a black suit and tie .
what was the most interesting ritual in the wedding ?
exchanging rings is the ritual i am quite interested in .
are weddings a special event of one is life in your country ?
yes , along with birthdays .
do people in your country get married early ?
not really . the average age to get married for women is 27 and for men is 29 .
what is the ideal age to get married in your opinion ?
well . 27 would be my ideal age . women are most charming and mature at that age , i guess .
how has wedding changed recently ?
the most noticeable change is the reduce of rituals in a wedding . there used to be more steps in weddings years ago than there are now .
what is your favorite coffee shop ?
my favorite one is the coffee house , a local coffee shop in my neighborhood .
where is it ?
it is 500 m far from my house .
how often do you visit that coffee shop ?
every weekend when i hang out with my friends . the coffee house is always our first choice .
who do you go with ?
i meet my friends there . they love the place , too .
what drinks does it serve ?
many kinds : coffee , chocolate , cocktail , smoothie , tea , juice of various tastes . my favorite one is hot chocolate .
are the waiters there friendly ?
yes , they could not be nicer .
do you like the decorations of that coffee shop ?
yes , i love it . i fancy the green space they put in each corner of the room .
when was the last time you go there ?
i last went there last monday .
what is special about that coffee shop ?
the drinks are what make them different . people are just addicted to full bodied coffee and chocolate there .
how do you know about that coffee shop ?
my cousin recommended it to me and i did give it a try .
which culture do you belong to ?
i was born and raised in america where my culture was shaped .
is that a multicultural society ?
yes , it is . my culture is a diverse mix of customs and traditions of various races and ethnicities .
how long has your country been practicing those customs ?
well , it has a long history , around 10 ,000 years ago .
what custom do you like the most ?
i like practicing dining etiquette . that is what makes me american whenever i travel to other countries .
what are traditional costumes of men and women in your country ?
cowboy hats and boots are american styles , but nowadays jeans and t shirt are more preferable .
are you comfortable with tradition and customs of your culture ?
of course . i was born with it .
how do people greet each other ?
well , it depends on the situation . in an informal communication , people just say ‘hi’ .
have you ever felt drawn to another land ?
yes , i am interested in indian culture . i wish i can get there someday to attend a typical indian wedding .
what is the most popular means of transport in your country ?
most people in my country travel by car .
how do you go to school or work ?
i prefer bus due to its convenience . i enjoy reading books while sitting on the bus .
how often do you take busses ?
every day . i went to school by bus 2 years ago , and the bus is still my best choice .
do people in your country like traveling by bus ?
not really , they have their own cars .
what are some benefits of traveling by bicycle ?
it is a good way of doing exercise . we can protect our environment as well .
do you prefer public transport or private transport ?
public transport is much cheaper .
do you think bus should replace other means of transport ?
sure . in the future , busses should be used widely by commuters .
what do the government do to encourage people to use public transport ?
it is a good idea to make public transport as convenient as private transport . besides , more campaigns should be launched to raise the awareness of protecting our environment .
how has the transport changed recently ?
there are more cars in a household now than before , which partly leads to traffic jams in some cosmopolitan cities .
who is your favorite politician ?
she is hillary diane rodham clinton , an american politician .
where is she from ?
she comes from the usa .
does she appear on tv ?
yes , quite often . she usually shows up on tv in news programs .
what is appealing about her ?
she is a democratic politician .
is she famous ?
yes , she is well known all over the world .
does she have a great influence on people ?
yes . i think so . she fights for humans rights . she has a very controversial and influential speech that ‘human rights are women is rights and women is rights are human rights .’
do you want to be like her ?
being a politician has never been my dream , actually .
why do you admire her ?
she is one of the few women who succeed in politics .
what did she do that you can tell others ?
oh , a lot of things . she cares for people is health . she also tackles the issues of adoption and family safety .
what are your favorite means of communication ?
i prefer talking directly to people .
how to you keep in touch with your friends ?
i am so busy that i do not often hang out with friends , so i usually get in touch with them using social networks or phone .
do you get in touch with your family by phone ?
yes , i do . i live away from my family , so phone would be an ideal means of communication .
do you usually write letters or emails ?
i used to write letters when the internet has not been used widely . now i prefer emails due to its convenience .
what are some advantages of using a mobile phone ?
that is the easiest means of communication , i think . mobile phones are portable . just dial the numbers and you can immediately get connected with anyone you want .
do you like handwriting letters ?
yes , i do . i like to keep handwriting letters as keepsakes .
do you use social networks ?
yes , the youth now can hardly live without social networks .
do you need communication skills using social networks ?
sure . even in social networks .
how have social networks changed communication ?
people prefer talking online rather than directly . because of the illusion of social networks , people tend to forget necessary skills to communicate with others in real life .
do you have good communication skills in your opinion ?
maybe yes . people are quite happy talking to me .
are you studying or working ?
i left school 3 years ago . i am working now .
are you self – employed or working for a company ?
i am self employed . i used to work for a company 2 years ago .
are you running any business ?
yes , i am running a small business .
what does your business sell ?
i make and sell handmade cosmetics .
do you have any difficulty running that business ?
yes , i had some difficulties attracting customers at first , but everything is getting better now .
is that an online or offline business ?
i sell products online . it is easier selling online than offline because i can take full advantage of my social network .
when did you start the business ?
i started running my own business 2 years ago .
what are some advantages of running your own business ?
i can take some days off whenever i feel tired , and i can make much more money compared to working for a company .
do you have your own computer ?
yes , i owned a personal laptop when i was in university .
how often do you use the computer ?
almost every day . i ca not work without a computer .
have you ever joined any computer class ?
yes , years ago . i learned about microsoft word and excel .
what do you use the computer for ?
you know , i am an accountant , so managing business records would be much easier for me using a computer .
what are some advantages of using the computer ?
with a computer connected to the internet , we can shop , pay bills or do bank transactions online . listening to music , watching movies are even more convenient .
do you use other high tech devices besides computers ?
yes , apart from a computer , i also use a smartphone .
should children learn how to use the computer ?
yes , i think so . children should be given chances to approach the computer but under the control of their parents .
do you usually exercise ?
yes , i do . doing exercise is one of my good habits .
what sport do you play ?
swimming is my favorite . i also play tennis .
how often do you exercise ?
i go jogging almost every day before breakfast .
when did you start doing exercise ?
just last year , actually .
is there anyone who does exercise with you ?
i go jogging with my older brother . he is a good company of mine .
what benefits can you get from exercising ?
well , a lot . exercise helps reduce fat and build muscles . it also keeps me awake mentally during the whole day .
where do you exercise ?
at a nearby park . there are some exercise machines for people to use .
why do you exercise ?
i like moving . for me , life without moving is like a picture without color .
do people in your country do much exercises ?
i do not think so . they are so busy working that they forget to do exercise .
what if people do not do enough exercise ?
obviously , they will gain weights fast and become obese .
what is your current short term goal ?
i am determined to get a scholarship to study post graduate abroad .
when did you start thinking about this goal ?
i started thinking about it when i left university .
what difficulties do you have in order to achieve it ?
spending a lot of time searching it , i have not found any scholarship that fits my needs .
do you need any help to achieve that goal ?
i really need spiritual encouragement from my family and friends .
do your parents support you to achieve that goal ?
yes , they do . they are always by my side and support me when needed .
do you think it is important to set goals ?
sure . we all need to have some goals to drive ourselves towards them . setting goals is a necessary step to do in order to succeed in doing something
what are the important qualities to achieve goals ?
well , you need to be persistent to what you desire to get . commitment and patience are needed , too .
what is your favorite work of art ?
there is a special photograph named ‘the napalm girl’ .
when did you see it ?
i accidentally saw it 5 years ago , when i traveled to vietnam .
where did you see it ?
in museum of vietnamese history . the photo was solemnly hung in an eye catching position in the room .
why do you like it ?
the photo captured a naked 9 –year old girl , running away from the napalm attack , which is really touching .
what is special about it ?
thanks to the photo , the photographer was awarded the pulitzer prize for spot news photography .
do your friends like it , too ?
yes , they do . the photo did touch their souls , too .
do you want to be an artist ?
nope , although i am quite interested in art .
what qualities does a person need to be an artist ?
an artist needs to be creative and sensitive to things around him , i think .
how do children develop their talent for art ?
children is talent for art should be recognized and nurtured as early as possible so that they can reach their full potential .
are you a big fan of fashion ?
yes , i am . i believe every girl is crazy about fashion .
what style do you choose to wear ?
well , my favorite piece of clothes is a dress . depending on the situation , i choose a formal or informal dress to wear .
do you enjoy shopping for clothes ?
yes , i am a shopaholic , actually .
is there any fashion icon who you want to wear the same ?
yes , i really admire taylor swift and wish to wear like her .
do you create your own fashion style ?
no , i am not a fashionista , so most of the time i just follow the fashion trend .
do you prefer vintage or modern style ? why ?
honestly , i love vintage style . wearing classic clothes makes me feel like i am special .
have you ever attended in any fashion show ?
not in real life . i just watch them on tv .
what do people think about your fashion style ?
i do not know exactly , and i do not care much about it . i just wear what makes me comfortable and confident .
are you going to change your fashion style in the future ?
well , i ca not tell . maybe fashion is changeable , and i am , too .
is fashion important to people ?
yes , in my opinion . fashion can partly reveal who you are .
what is your favorite item of jewelry ?
well , i have quite a lot of ornaments , but my favorite one is a necklace .
when did you buy it ?
uhm…i do not remember exactly when , but i guess i bought it years ago .
what is it made of ?
it is made of silver .
how does it look ?
it looks gorgeous with a ruby clover –shaped pendant .
why do you like it ?
i believe it can bring me good luck in everything i do .
what is special about it ?
i love the vintage style of my necklace . it really goes with my classic dresses .
does it remind you of something ?
yes , i spent my first month is salary buying it , so the necklace encourages me to work hard and earn more money every day .
how much does it cost ?
around $400 if i am not mistaken .
do you usually wear it ?
yes , i just wear it all the time . i will be missing it if i do not see it .
what is your favorite cosmetic item ?
my favorite cosmetic item is a cherry red lipstick .
when did you buy it ?
i bought it in a local cosmetic shop .
how often do you use it ?
almost every day . i sometimes change the color .
how did it change your physical appearance ?
oh . at first , i was hesitant to try because i thought it would not match my skin undertone , but when putting it on , the cherry red color did make me more charming and gorgeous .
is it expensive ?
nope . it is under $21only .
is the brand name famous ?
yes , i think . m .a .c is well known all around the world . m .a .c lipstick is an iconic product of the producer .
how important are cosmetics according to you ?
well , frankly , cosmetics are really important to women although i agree that the true beauty does come from inside .
is it important to have a good looking appearance ?
sure . you will be given more opportunities if you are good looking .
are cosmetics harmful ?
yes , i guess . some toxic chemicals in cosmetics may cause skin cancer .
do think beauty products are a waste of money ?
not really as for me , i just spend my saving money on cosmetics .
what indoor game do you like to play ?
uhm , i am fond of playing bowling .
when did you start playing it ?
i have just started bowling . it is been 3 weeks so far .
who do you play it with ?
most of the time i play with my friends when we hang out together . sometimes , i also go bowling with my cousins .
where do you play ?
at a nearby shopping mall . there is an entertainment area where people can play various games .
is it easy to play ?
yes , quite easy . the bowler has to knock down as many pins as possible , ideally all of them .
are you usually the winner ?
nope , because i am just a beginner . my friends are much more experienced in playing it .
why do you like it ?
well , going bowling is quite enjoyable . i love it when my friends cheer me up .
is it popular in your country ?
yes , people playing almost everywhere . there are nearly 3 ,000 bowling centers in my country .
what are other indoor games in your country ?
there are many such as board game , table tennis , squash , boxing and so on .
do you usually talk on the phone ?
yes , i do . it is a good way to keep in touch .
what was your favorite phone conversation ?
it was when i talked to my interviewer . he did give me the good news that i got the job .
when did you have the conversation ?
i do not remember exactly , but it is been 2 years so far , i guess .
who did you talk to ?
i talked to the owner of the restaurant where i am working as a cashier .
what did you talk about ?
he offered me the position and congratulated me .
why did you find the conversation interesting ?
actually , it was more exciting than interesting . i was waiting for it for so long , and finally , he did make it come true .
do you prefer talking directly or talking on the phone ?
personally , talking directly is much better to me since it is more lively and authentic .
who do you usually talk to on the phone ?
i talk to my mom almost every day . i will be missing the conversation every evening with mom if one day she stops calling me .
what are the differences between talking directly and phoning ?
well , talking directly seems more exciting since you can see facial expression , eye contact while talking on the phone , you can only listen to the voice .
do you like learning languages ?
yes , i do . i love traveling and talking to the local people in their mother tongue .
what is your mother language ?
i speak english .
what second language are you learning ?
i am learning spanish . i fell in love with spanish when i traveled to spain last year .
is that language popular in your country ?
yes . people in my country come from every corner of the world and spanish is the second popular language spoken here according to the statistic .
how often do you use that language ?
quite a lot . i see spanish people every day in the restaurant , bank or supermarket .
how long have you been learning that language ?
i have been learning it for 5 years . i am in advanced class now .
why do you choose to learn that language ?
i am interested in spanish culture , and i had like to use language as a tool to discover spanish cultural values .
who is your teacher ?
an old spanish teacher . she can also speak english fluently .
why do people learn a second language ?
there are many purposes . some learn to do business , some learn to travel , some just learn for fun .
who is the creative person that you admire ?
well , i really admire mr .tom , who is an extremely creative math teacher .
why do you admire him ?
for me , math is quite boring because i have to work with long numbers . i used to hate math so much before i had lessons with mr .tom . he has thousands of ways to teach that boring subject , which inspires me a lot .
how did he become so creative ?
i am not quite sure , but i think that is his inborn talent .
do people you know admire him , too ?
of course . all my classmates just love and respect him for his creative teaching .
what is he like ?
he has a good sense of humor . he always tells jokes , and we just ca not help laughing .
do you think creativity can be learned and practiced ?
yes , i definitely do . creativity , like any other qualities , can be trained .
how is creativity important in study or work ?
it generates energy and makes things more inspiring . without creativity , work and study are just dull and tiring .
who is a famous celebrity that you admire ?
well , i am a big fan of miley ray cyrus , an american singer , songwriter , and actress .
why do you admire her ?
well , she is at my age , but what she is achieved is acknowledged worldwide .
what is special about her ?
i just fall in love with her beautiful voice . i ca not stop listening to her songs again and again . my favorite songs of hers are jolene and wrecking ball .
is she well known worldwide ?
yes , she is . she is a teen idol .
do you see her on tv or in reality ?
most of the time i see her on tv .
do your friends love her , too ?
yes , they do . we usually enjoy her songs , movies together .
do you want to be like her ?
yes , being a well known singer is my dream .
what health problem did you have ?
i had measles when i was 18 .
how did you have that health problem ?
i thought i catch measles from someone when they cough or sneeze .
was that serious ?
not really , but it was unpleasant . i recovered after 10 days staying at home .
what were some symptoms of that health problem ?
i had a cold and fever with a cough , a runny nose . the small grayish white spots appeared on my body , too .
did you take any medical treatment ?
no , i did not . the situation was not serious enough to be sent to the hospital then .
how could you recover from it ?
well , let me see , i drank a lot of water , avoided the direct light , and i had to stay off school for 10 days .
what difficulties did you face because of that problem ?
i could not go out for a few days , which was boring . i am not allowed to play outside and i felt so bad about it .
what do people do to prevent that health problem ?
by having measles vaccine .
is that health problem common in your country ?
not really , due to the effectiveness of vaccination .
are you a tech and gadget lover ?
yes , i am . i love shopping for new gadgets .
what is an important technological advancement you know ?
that is the emergence of online payment systems like credit cards or paypal thanks to the development of the internet , i think .
what do you use it for ?
i use these services to do shopping online . now i can book flight tickets in advance without the need to go to the agency .
how long have you been using it ?
i have been using these services for around 3 years .
does it make your life easier ?
sure . it is fast , simple and convenient .
how did it change your life ?
well , i can enjoy my life more . i can do a plenty of things online like shopping , transferring money , booking tickets , and so on .
how often do you use it ?
at least once a week .
what are other technological advancements you know ?
there are many : electricity , smartphone , the internet , robot , and so on .
what is a famous landmark in your hometown ?
well , i ca not hide my proud to talk about the statue of liberty .
when was it built ?
i read on newspapers that it was constructed in 1886 .
where is it ?
it is located on liberty island in new york harbor .
how does it look like ?
that is a woman , known as the roman goddess , bearing a torch and a broken chain lies at her feet .
what was it made of ?
the main material was copper .
who was the architect ?
mr .gustave eiffel , who also designed the tower of eiffel .
what is special about it ?
actually , it was gifted to my country , the usa from the people of france .
does it symbolize something ?
the statue is a symbol of freedom . we all love it and are so proud to share with international friends about it .
does it attract many tourists to come ?
yup . it attracts 4 million visitors each year according to the statistic .
do you love handcraft items ?
yeah . my accessories are all hand made .
what handcraft item do you like ?
well , i have got many items , but i really fall in love with my bamboo handbag .
where did you buy it ?
i bought it in a trip to the countryside . people make handcrafts from bamboo there .
why do you like it ?
because it is unique . i travel quite a lot , but can hardly find a similar one .
what is it made of ?
it is made of 100% bamboo .
what does it look like ?
being made of traditional material , it looks trendy , though . my handcraft bag has a4 paper size , which is large enough to carry a bunch of stuff : makeup things , a wallet , and tissues .
how is it made ?
luckily , i had a chance to see how it is made . people spent the whole day knitting hundreds of small bamboo fibers together to make one bag .
is it easy to make ?
nope . i am not really skillful and patient , so handcrafts seem super hard for me .
what is special about it ?
the material itself is what makes it special . it is eco friendly as well .
does it remind you of something ?
yup . it reminds me of the peaceful and quiet atmosphere of the countryside where i visited .
is plastic surgery popular in your country ?
not really . people in my country are not so interested in plastic surgery .
what do you think about people having plastic surgery ?
it is hard to say . as long as they find happiness in what they are doing , it is fine with me .
why do you think people do it ?
they want to gain a better look , i believe . that is understandable .
is plastic surgery bad ?
it is bad for health in the long run .
does it do harm to your health ?
sure , there are several unhealthy substances in the medical treatments which may be harmful to your body .
do you think changing your look is a good thing ?
yes , i ca not deny that changing for a better appearance is what people should do . but do not abuse plastic surgery or you will face serious health problems later on .
do you think the development of plastic surgery is a positive or negative trend ?
it is more a positive trend , i guess . thanks to plastic surgery , people who think they do not look good can now make themselves more attractive .
do you care more about your outlook or inner soul ?
as for me , the inner soul does matter more although outside appearance is important , too .
what is a part of your face that you wish to change ?
although i have some imperfect parts , i have no wish to change anything . i love the natural appearance my parents gave me .
what success did you achieve ?
i do not know if it matters to someone or not , but passing the entrance exam to university was a huge success for me .
when did you get that success ?
i got it 6 years ago . it is been 2 years since i left university .
was there anyone who supported you ?
my family supported me a lot . my mom prepared good meals for me while my dad helped me with hard math problems .
was it hard to get that success ?
it was hard for me since i was not good at academic subjects at all .
what were some difficulties in achieving success ?
the period before the exam was quite stressful . i was so obsessed with it that i had a serious headache .
how did you get it ?
i stuck to books day and night . i just stopped reading and writing when i felt i knew thoroughly about the matters .
how did you feel when you were successful ?
i was over the moon then . i was looking forward to campus life .
how did your life change after that success ?
i had a chance to learn my favorite major at my desired university and then got a high paying job in an active working environment .
what is your key to success ?
i do not particularly have any key to success . just work hard and try your best , everything good will come to you .
goodbye
bye
bye for now !
see you !
see you soon !
see you later !
talk to you later !
catch up with you later .
i hope to see you soon .
see you next time .
i am looking forward to seeing you soon .
it was nice meeting you .
it is been really nice knowing you .
it has been a pleasure , we will speak soon .
it was really great to see you , catch you later .
all the best , bye .
take care !
stay in touch .
i am really going to miss you .
i have got to go now .
hello
good morning good afternoon good evening
how are you ?
how are you doing ?
nice to meet you
it is nice to meet you
i am pleased to meet you .
it is a pleasure to meet you .
i am glad to see you .
how do you do ?
hi
hey
what is up ?
everything is ok !
how have you been ?
i am fine , thanks !
what is going on ?
nothing new .
how is your day ?
nice , thanks !
i have had so many problems with my new car . it is driving me crazy .
are you sure you do not want to buy a new one ?
how can i ? i already spent a lot of money on this one .
i guess you will be spending a lot of money on repairs then .
i guess so . unless , you want to buy the car .
no , thanks . i do not think i had want to buy your car . it has too many problems .
how long have you been living in china ?
about three years now .
are you used to eating the food here ?
yes , i like it very much .
what about chopsticks ? are you used to using them ?
it took me a while to get used to it but now it is a piece of cake .
have you seen tom ?
no . as far as i can remember he was supposed to be on a business trip to lisbon .
yes , but he was supposed to be back by now .
have you called his home ?
yeah , but there is no answer .
maybe you should call the police and file a missing person is report .
have you seen the movie , silence of the lambs ?
yes . it gave me the creeps .
come on , it was not that bad .
yes , it was . as far as i am concerned , i am never going to see another movie like that again .
well , as far as the plot is concerned , i think it is an interesting movie .
yes , but some of the scenes were too gory .
she has been calling me for several days now .  i  think she is interested in me .
are you sure ? i think she already has a boyfriend .
how do you know ?
a friend of hers told me . i had be careful if i were you .
why ?
because i heard her boyfriend is a weightlifter .
dear , we have been driving around aimlessly for hours . do not you think we should ask for directions ?
look honey , maybe we have been driving for a long time ,  but  this does not mean that we are lost .
really ? then what have we been doing all this time ?
well , we are taking the scenic route .
oh ,  i see .  you just  do not  want  to admit  that  we are lost .  you know , sometimes you are too proud .
ok , we are lost , but this does not mean that you have to rub it in .
i need to lose weight .
yeah , me too .
by the way , when was the last time you exercised ?
i ca not remember .
how about we both go running tomorrow ?
yeah , that is a good idea . that way we can lose weight and get in shape at the same time . by the way , do you have any running shoes i can borrow ?
so how do you like your new job ?
compared to my last one , it is a lot more interesting .
what was your last job ?
i was a night security guard .
that sounds interesting .
not really , since compared to my new job , i hardly saw anybody else while i was on duty .
did you use to have any really bad habits ?
i used to bite my toenails when i was younger but now i do not .
what made you stop ?
one day i bit my toenail too deeply and my toe started bleeding . so i learned my lesson and did not bite my toenails again .
mom , can i go swimming in the pool now ?
but you just had your lunch .
i know but it is hot and i want to cool off .
do not ever go swimming right after eating or else you will get cramps .
when can i go swimming then ?
why do not you wait for at least a half an hour .
i think studying english is boring and a waste of time . do not you agree ?
no . i think it is really important if you want to have a good job in the future .
but it is too hard to learn .
i do not agree . you just have to work at it and be persistent .
how do you like this sweater ?
it looks beautiful . can i try it on ?
sure . go ahead .
oh i am afraid it is too tight on me . do you carry this in a larger size ?
yes , we do . here try this one .
this is perfect . i will take this one .
hello , can i help you ?
yes , i am looking to buy a leather jacket .
what kind of leather jacket are you interested in ?
i was wondering , do you have any black leather jackets available ?
sure we do . why do not you sit down and i will get you some to try on .
ok . thanks .
well , you have been working with our company for 10 years now .
yes i know . it is been a long time .
in all this time you have never asked for a raise . do you mind if i ask you why ?
that is because my wife is rich .
really ? what does she do ?
well , she owns your company .
i am so bored .
feel like watching a movie ?
no , i feel like going dancing .
where do you want to go ?
how about sam is disco ?
i do not feel like going there . it is always too crowded .
we will try the disco down the block . it is called rick is disco .
ok . we will give it a try .
are you ready to go to the beach ?
wait . should not we check the weather report before we leave ?
no , it is a beautiful day and the sun is out .
i heard on the news last night that there was a forecast for rain .
i want to quit my job .
why , what is the matter ?
nothing . i just want a change .
but you have a great job and you have been working there for ten years .
i know , but have not you ever wanted to do something different ?
i guess so , but it seems more prudent to just stay where i am and continue working in my current job .
i heard that bill got divorced .
yes , he is really sad now .
i thought he wanted to get divorced because he did not love his wife anymore .
yes , but he did not realize how much he needed her until they got divorced .
yeah . well now it is too late . she already has another husband .
that is  too bad .  sometimes people often do not  appreciate  what  they have until they lose it .
have you seen him run in a race ?
yes . he is as fast as the wind when he runs .
but he is not too good when it comes to studying .
one of my friends said he is as dumb as a post .
that is not a nice thing to say .
maybe it is not nice , but it is true .
do you have the report you promised me ?
what report ?
you know , your work report .
either you are kidding me or i am getting forgetful in my old age .
i think it is the latter .
i am sorry . i will hand it in tomorrow .
can you believe the weather we are been having lately ?
yeah , it is really hot , is not it ?
it is so hot you can fry an egg on the sidewalk .
maybe you are exaggerating a little bit .
ok , maybe it is not that hot . but it is hot enough to get a heat stroke .
you make it sound so hot , i do not want to leave my air conditioned house .
have you seen the movie gone with the wind ?
yeah . i think vivian leigh is beautiful .
she is not only beautiful ; she is also a talented actress .
yes , i have enjoyed all her movies .
which one is your favorite ?
i like her best in a streetcar named desire .
thanks for inviting me over for dinner this evening .
you are welcome .
it looks delicious .
well here . help yourself to some shrimp . it is fresh .
thank you . mm… it tastes delicious .
have some more . i do not want you to leave hungry .
is it time to get up already ?
yes , dear , it is 6 a .m . you have to hurry up and get dressed .
i guess so , hey honey how about making me a cup of coffee while i hop in the shower ?
sure , dear . how would you like your coffee ?
with milk and sugar , please .
sure , right away . now take that shower before it gets too late .
are you going to your sister is wedding ?
i decided not to go .
how come you are not going ?
because i am afraid that if i go i will catch the bouquet of flowers and then i will have to get married .
do not be silly . just make sure you do not catch it .
hey , that is a good idea . i never thought of that .
david ,  more and more money has been missing from the company is funds over the past six months .
really ? what is been happening ?
obviously somebody has been stealing the money .
who do you think it could be ?
well , you are the accountant . you tell me .
do you think i did it ? how dare you accuse me of stealing !
how long have you been in china ?
a few months .
how do you like living here ?
great ! i am having a great time .
how do you like the food here ?
it is pretty good . i just ca not get used to using chopsticks .
you will get used to them after a while .
i love them . they are very friendly to me .
did you finish the assignment i gave you last week ?
sure , no problem .
really , you did not think it was difficult ?
actually it was pretty easy .
how long did it take you to finish the assignment ?
it only took a day . my friend and i did it together so it was easier .
i have been having bad dreams lately .
really ? how often ?
just about every night .
what do you dream about ?
i dream about  being in a boat  and suddenly a storm comes and i drown because i ca not swim .
maybe you should learn how to swim . then you wo not have any nightmares .
where is my wallet ?
you left it on your desk . remember ?
i know but it is not there anymore .
i bet sally took it .
what makes you think so ?
i saw her hanging around your desk when you were not there .
i have some bad news for you .
what is the matter ?
our company has been having some financial troubles and we have to lay off some workers .
really ?
i am afraid so and you are one of the workers whose job we will have to cut .
i can hardly believe my ears ! i never thought i would lose my job here .
so how long have you known maria ?
only four days .
only four days ! that is so short , and you seem so crazy about her .
i know . i ca not help thinking about her . she is always on my mind .
well , why do not you ask her out on a date ?
i had like to , but what if she said no ? i do not think i could stand the rejection .
so who do you think will win the nba championships ?
i really ca not say . both teams this year seem really good .
hey there is a game on tonight . you want to watch it with me ?
that sounds great ! can your brother watch it with us ?
only two days until my birthday ! i ca not wait !
now do not get too excited , you still have lots of homework to do .
i hope a lot of people come to my party .
did i tell you that aunt jenny will be there ?
really ! that is great ! oh , i ca not wait to see her .
me too .  ok , now get  back to your homework .  you still have lots to do before your birthday .
i heard the news this morning about our friend jim .
is it true that he will be leaving us to live in alaska ?
yes . he is going there to live with the eskimos .
i dare say that is an adventurous thing to do .
yeah ,  well ,  he is going there to teach the inuit  population , who suffer from high illiteracy .
i hope that he will succeed and make friends with the people he will be with .
i had like you to do me a favor .
what is it ?
can you mail this at the post office for me ? i have to go to the doctor for an appointment and i do not have enough time to go to the post office .
ok , but can you get something for me when you go to the doctor is ?
sure , what is it ?
i had like you to get some cold medicine . i think i have a cold .
do you have the five dollars i lent you yesterday ?
oh i forgot ! i will l run home real quick and bring you the money .
you do not have to go right away .
i had hate for you to think i was lazy in returning your money .
that is ok . i know you are a responsible person .
yeah , but just the same , i will go home and get the money right away .
where is my son ?
do not worry , miss , your son will be fine . we sent him to the hospital .
thank you so much .
you are welcome .
without your help my son would have died in that fire .
we got here just  in time .  a minute  later and it would have been almost impossible to save him .
is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?
yeah , i am afraid so .
if there is one thing that bugs me , it is her critical attitude .
yeah , well , that is her personality , i guess .
but it is so annoying . she makes me feel so stupid sometimes .
just do not pay any attention to her . she wo not stay long .
have you met the new student sally ?
yes , she is a very nice girl .
i kept asking her questions in class today , but she would not respond .
that is because she is hard of hearing .
i had no idea she had a hearing problem .
it is not too serious . you should make her sit in the front of the class so she can hear you better .
how many candy bars have you eaten today ?
i think i have eaten ten so far .
that is too much ! you have got to stop eating so much .
why ?
because if you eat too much candy , you will rot your teeth .
you are right . i have got to stop eating so many sweets .
i hope you will do better this semester . i was disappointed in your grades last year .
do not worry , dad . i will study as hard as i can .
i hope so . if you have any questions , just ask me and i will help you as much as possible .
thanks , dad .
your education is important for your future .
i know . i will work as hard as i can .
are you coming to dinner tonight ?
i do not know . i have to work late tonight .
when will you know for sure ?
i will let you know this afternoon if i can make it for dinner tonight .
what time this afternoon ?
i will give you a call around 3 :00 .
how do you like the music at this dance club ?
it is great . i love dancing .
me too . you know i had be grateful if you had dance with me .
sure , but first you have to do me a favor .
what is that ?
well , i had be grateful if you had stop stepping on my foot .
ok , stop right there you thief ! do not move !
manager : do not shoot !
put your hands over your head and do not make any sudden move .
look ,  officer , i am afraid you have the wrong person . i am the bank manager , not the thief .
are you sure ? oh , i am sorry . i am afraid i have made a terrible mistake .
well , you still have a chance to get your man . i saw somebody carrying a bag full of money running that way .
hello ?
hello ! is this peter ?
yes . hello ! coach .
i am calling to remind you that we have practice tomorrow .
what time does it begin ?
we will start at 6 a .m . so do not be late .
aunt jane , i hope you will be home next sunday . i had like you to meet my fiancée .
i am looking forward to meeting her . what is her name again ?
rachel .
that is such a lovely name . how long have you known each other ?
about two years now .
i am looking forward to attending your wedding soon .
i have been so depressed lately .
why ? what is the matter ?
i am getting older and i am not happy with the way my life is going .
what is so bad about it ?
i just go from girlfriend to girlfriend and i am never happy or satisfied .
i think you are thinking too much about yourself . you need to concentrate on helping others .
what are you going to have for breakfast ?
i am thinking about having some eggs .
that sounds good . can you make some for me too ?
sure . how many do you want ?
i think i will have two eggs .
ok . two eggs are coming right up .
hey , i am hungry . how about you ?
yeah , i can really go for some chinese food right now .
that is a great idea . let is go to a chinese restaurant right now .
ok . it is my treat .
are you sure ?
yeah . you can pay next time .
who ate all the cookies ?
i think it was the dog that ate them .
are you sure ?
it is possible .
what happened to steve ? i have not seen him at work for a long time .
he was fired because of his poor work performance .
it is too bad he is gone . he had such a good sense of humor .
yes , but he also had a serious drinking problem which affected his work .
i did not know that .
yeah . he had such potential too . it is too bad .
i ca not find my car keys .
i am sorry it is my fault . i accidentally locked them in the car last night when i came home .
well , at least they are not lost .
that is true but how are you going to get them out ?
i have another set of keys tied under the car .
that was smart thinking .
you have to finish your dinner before you leave the table .
but , mom , i ca not eat anymore . i am stuffed .
what is the matter ? it does not taste good ?
it is not that i do not like your cooking , but  i ate some cookies before we had dinner .
and now you do not have an appetite . you know you are not supposed to have any snacks before dinner .
sorry , mom . i promise i will try and finish eating everything .
did you see the new employee in our company ?
yeah . do you know her name ?
it is on the tip of my tongue but i just ca not remember .
well , let is just ask the manager ?
so , you have come to beg for the life of your son ?
yes , your honor .
and why do you think i should pardon him ?
it is said that you are a just but merciful man .
mercy is given to those who show mercy .
but , your honor , he is my son , my own flesh and blood .
i am looking forward to our son is graduation this weekend .
yes , so am i . but what will he do after graduation ? he really needs to go to college .
well , dear , we ca not force him to go to college . it is up to him .
i know that but he has to learn to be independent . he ca not just keep living at home .
you are right . i will talk to him about getting a job . maybe he can work at my store .
that is  up to you , dear . you just have to make sure that he does his work and does not loaf around .
i have been washing the dishes for over a week now .
well , i think you are very good at doing the dishes , so maybe you should do them for another week .
no , we made an agreement that we would take turns doing the dishes . now it is your turn to do them .
ok , i will do them . but i will warn you i do not think i can do them as well as you .
that is ok . i will give you plenty of chances to practice until you get really good at it .
i knew you would say something like that .
how come you never go to mcdonalds ?
this may surprise you , but i am a vegetarian .
so you do not eat any meat ?
that is right ; no meat or dairy products .
why dairy products ?
because they come from animals .
what is the matter ? you look so tired lately .
i have not been sleeping very well these past few nights .
why not ?
i have been worried about my financial troubles and when i try to go to bed i ca not sleep .
why do not you try reading before you go to bed ? maybe that will make you tired .
i have tried that but it does not work . i end up reading books about money .
new york city is a tough place to live .
yeah , it is so crowded and the pollution is so bad .
you know , i have had enough of this city . i am going to quit my job and move to the country .
what will you do for a job ?
i do not know . i will do anything as long as it means getting out of here .
well ,  i do not think changing your environment  will make things better . you should learn to be content where you are first .
excuse me ,  miss ,  i wonder if i could have a few minutes of your time ?
why ?
well ,  i had like to introduce  you to the new super model zx 2000 vacuum cleaner .
i am sorry but i am in a hurry now . i do not have time to try it out .
that is no problem . excuse me for interrupting you . here , have my card .
thanks .  if  i  get  a chance , i will check out  your vacuum cleaner another time .
i am desperate for money right now .
what is the matter ?
i do not have enough money to pay for my rent .
why do not you ask kurt to loan you some money ?
i had rather dig trenches with a spoon than ask for his help .
i would not be so proud if i were you . sounds to me you do not have much of a choice .
what is bothering you ?
i want to get out of here and get away from all my problems .
are you sure that changing your location will solve your problems ?
no but at least things will be different .
no , matter where you go , you will bring your problems with you .
i guess you are right .
is there something wrong ? you look so sad .
my house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture .
no wonder you look so upset .
yeah . i called the police but they said there was little they could do .
why not ?
because there were no witnesses and the thieves did not leave any traces .
where did you put my dictionary ?
i am sorry , but i ca not  remember where i put it last .
but that is my favorite dictionary .
wait , now that i think about it , i left it on the kitchen table .
how could you be so careless ? you should be more careful with other people is things .
sorry . i will be more careful next time .
my friends have been asking me to smoke cigarettes with them .
be careful ! you do not give in to peer pressure .
why ?
first  of  all ,  smoking is bad for your health  and second ,  once you start smoking it will be hard to stop .
yeah , you are right . i know a lot of people who are addicted to smoking .
i bet most of them started because their friends also smoked .
why are you so late ?
i am sorry but i missed the bus .
how could you miss the bus ?
i hurried to get to the bus stop only to find i did not have enough change to pay the fare .
i am sorry to hear that .
i had to go back home and get some change and wait for the next bus .
what do you think of shakespeare ?
on one hand his plays are very interesting to watch but on the other hand they are hard to read .
i feel the same way sometimes .
so what do you do ?
i just try to catch the general meaning of each sentence .
that sounds like a good idea .
you were late to work again this morning .
yes , i am sorry but i had to help my mother go to the hospital . she was sick .
i do not care what you had to do . you are supposed to be on time . see that you are not late again .
but this was an emergency .
it is your third emergency this month .
yeah well , my mother gets sick a lot .
i ca not wait until valentine is day .
speaking of valentine is day , how is your girlfriend ?
she is doing well . i took her out to dinner last night .
did you have a good time ?
yeah , the food was delicious .
hey , speaking of food , are you hungry ? let is grab a bite to eat .
i am so glad we won the game .
thanks to you , you scored the final goal and won .
actually , you deserve the credit . thanks to you , the ball was passed to me and i scored .
yeah , we all worked together .
i hope that we can win the next game .
if we work together like we did this past game , i am sure we will .
i have a big favor to ask .
what is it ?
well , i need to borrow $1 ,000 for the down payment on a car .
ok , i will lend you the money but you have to pay it back as soon as you can .
i promise i will . thanks a million .
you are welcome .
did you get a package in the mail today ?
i sure did .
what was it ?
a box of cookies from my mom .
that is great ! she is coming here next week , is not she ?
yes , she is . the first thing i am goanna do when i see her is give her a hug and thank her .
are you still selling your car ?
yeah , but the more i think about it , the more i want to keep it .
why is that ?
because buying a new car would be very expensive and i would not be able to afford the insurance .
but you already put an ad in the paper .
i know but if anybody calls , i will just tell them it is not for sale anymore .
do you cook for yourself ?
yes , i do , but it is not the same as what my mother makes .
i know what you mean . there is nothing as good as home cooking .
my mom is given me some recipes , but when i make them they do not come out the same as when she cooks .
maybe you should just ask her to cook for you .
no , i had rather try and learn myself .
did you just finish playing basketball ?
yes and i am so thirsty .
how about a coke ?
that sounds great ! there is nothing better than a cold coke when you are hot and thirsty .
so how does it taste ?
great ! thanks a million .
our new dog has been howling all night long .
i know . it is really getting on my nerves .
we should have gotten a quieter pet , like a fish .
i agree . i think we had  be better off without a dog .
so what are we going to do ?
i guess we will have to bring it back to the animal shelter .
i heard the temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight .
really ?
yes , so you had better dress warmly before you go out .
i will . thanks for telling me .
you are welcome . i would not want you to catch a cold .
thanks for your concern . i do not want to get sick either .
we have been looking for your lost cd for hours .
it is got to be here somewhere .
we will never find it . we may as well give up .
no way . it is my favorite cd .
ok , i will help you look for another ten minutes then i am going home .
do not worry i know we will find it .
remember that old man who used to beg for money on the street across from our house ?
yeah . whatever became of him ?
well he got a job and now he owns a small ice cream shop in town .
that is great . we should visit him some time .
yeah , we should . let is go today and get some ice cream .
then we can ask him how he is been and how he started his business .
excuse me , are you the tailor ?
yes , i am . what can i do for you ?
well , i had like to have a business suit made for me .
sure , let me take your measurements then you can tell me what style you had like .
when do you think you can finish the suit ?
well , it  depends on what  style you want .  business suits usually take about a week to finish .
happy anniversary !
what do you mean ?
today is our one month anniversary of dating .
oh , i see . you know everything has a beginning and an end .
what do you mean by saying that ?
well , i think it is time for us to break up . i am sorry .
honey , you have been trying to fix that sink for hours .
i know , i know . my back is killing me .
well , how can i help you ?
hand me that what do you call it .
you mean the wrench ?
yeah that is it .
i am so upset .
what is the matter ?
my girlfriend broke up with me today .
i am sorry to hear that . hey , what do you say you and i go to the movies this afternoon ? maybe that will cheer you up .
that sounds like a good idea .
sure it is . it will get your mind off of your girlfriend , i mean your ex girlfriend .
have you heard that my father is going to quit his job ?
what would he do that for ?
he said work is too hectic and that he needs a break .
what will he do to earn a living ?
he said he would take a vacation for a while and then go into the carpentry business . he thinks it will be more relaxing .
well , i hope he is happy .
did you hear the weather forecaster is  prediction for rain tomorrow ?
yeah ,  but  i never believe the weather reports because they are usually wrong .
but what if he is right ?
i guess we will have to change our plans for tomorrow .
that means we ca not go to the beach .
only if it rains .
where did you put my walkman ?
i forget .
you should be more careful with other people is things .
are you saying i am careless ?
what i am trying to say is that when you borrow something from someone , you should take good care of it .
i am sorry . please forgive me . i will try to find it right away .
your face is so pale . are you ok ?
no , i have had a fever for a few days and i am sick to my stomach .
what is the matter with you ?
i think i have food poisoning .
what do you think it was from ?
i had some raw seafood the other day at a japanese restaurant . maybe that was it .
can i ask you a hypothetical question ?
sure , go ahead .
what would you do if you were given a million dollars ?
well , first i had buy a nice house for my parents to live in and take care of all their financial problems . then i had buy a house for my sister and do the same .
that is very nice of you .
i had just like to take care of my family as best as i can .
how long have you been studying english ?
over ten years now , but my english is not very fluent at all .
why not ?
i do not like speaking english because i am afraid of making mistakes .
what is the use of studying english if you wo not speak it ?
you are right . i should try to speak out more and not be so afraid of making mistakes .
i love ice cream .
really ? me too . what is your favorite flavor ?
well , i like both strawberry and coffee ice cream .
i like vanilla best .
what is your second favorite ice cream flavor ?
my second favorite is peppermint .
i plan to go to beijing this summer .
that sounds great . where will you go when you get there ?
i am not sure yet . i have to make a plan . where can i get a map of beijing ?
i have one . i can lend to you .
that would be great . i will take care of it and give it back when i am done .
ok . just be careful because it is my only copy .
dad ,  i will be having my college interview with  harvard university  next week .
that is great son , i am glad to hear that .
yeah , but the problem is the competition to get into that college is very stiff .
well , are you sure you really want to go there ?
yes , i have wanted to go to that college since i was in junior high school .
do not worry , son . if you really want to go there , then i am sure you will get in . remember , where there is a will there is a way .
i do not like this movie .
look , i already paid for the tickets , so whether you like it or not we are going to finish watching it .
well , i will just read a book then .
do not be such a stick in the mud . just watch it with me .
but i do not like it .
come on , give it a chance . the movie just started .
i had like you to introduce the guest speaker at  the student assembly today .
why me ? i ca not do that .
why not ? you are a good student and i think you will do a great job .
but  i have never spoken in front of so many people before .  i would not know what to say .
do not worry . i will help you prepare the speech . why not give it a try ?
ok , i guess i have nothing to lose .
how was your meal ?
it was delicious .
would you care for some dessert ?
what do you recommend ?
there is a greek pastry called baklava that is made of  chopped nuts , butter and cinnamon all soaked in honey . would you like to try it ?
sure . it sounds delicious .
may i see your daughter please ?
my daughter is very upset right now .
please just give me a chance . i want to talk to her .
i am sorry but you are not to see her again .
but why ?
you are a monster .  she does not need someone like you to break her heart .
where is allen ? he is late .
did you give him directions on how to get here ?
he told me he already knew how to get here .
you can never be too sure with him .
why is that ?
because he has a bad sense of direction and he always gets lost .
have you started your report yet ?
i am having a hard time getting the information .
it is so easy to get information these days .
then how can i get it ?
you only have to search the internet  in order to get  the information you are looking for .
oh , i did not think of that .
hello . my name is peter . what is your name ?
janet . 
where are you from janet ?
i am from seattle . where are you from ? 
i am from madrid .
are you american ?
hello , peter . how are you ?
fine , thanks . how are you ? 
goodbye , janet . see you tomorrow !
bye bye , peter . have a nice evening . 
thanks , you too !
thanks .
hello . how are you ?
i am fine ,   ok ,   well , thank you
goodbye ,   bye bye
see you tomorrow
excuse me . can you tell me the time , please ?
yes , of course . it is seven o'clock . 
thank you .
no problem . 
what time is it ?
it is half past three .
thanks .
you are welcome .
may i help you ?
yes , i am looking for a sweater .
what size are you ?
i am an extra large .
would you like a plain sweater or something else ?
i am looking for a plain blue sweater .
how about this one ?
yes , that is nice . could i try it on ?
certainly , the changing rooms are over there .
thank you .
how does it fit ?
it is too large . do you have a large ?
yes , here you are . would you like to try it on to see if it fits ?
no that is okay . thank you . i will take it . i am also looking for some nice slacks .
great . we have some very nice wool slacks over here . would you like to take a look ?
yes , thanks for your help . 
what are your measurements ?
i am a 38 waist and a 32  inseam .
what do you think about these ?
they are nice , but i had prefer cotton trousers if you have them .
yes , here is a pair . you said you the measurements are 38 by 32 , did not you ?
yes , that is correct . i will go try them on .
let me know if you need any help .
thank you . (comes back) these are great . so , that makes one sweater and a pair of grey slacks .
ok , how would you like to pay ?
do you take credit cards ?
yes , we do . visa , master card and american express .
ok , here is my visa .
thank you . have a nice day !
thank you , goodbye .
what is your surname ?
smith
what is your first name ?
fred
where are you from ?
atlanta , georgia
what is your job ?
i am a teacher .
what is your address ?
34 white street
what is your phone number ?
308 6730
how old are you ?
54
are you married ?
yes , i am .
good morning . can i have your ticket , please ?
here you are .
thank you . would you like smoking or non smoking ?
non smoking , please .
would you like a window or an aisle seat ?
an aisle seat , please .
do you have any baggage ?
yes , this suitcase and this carry on bag .
here is your boarding pass . have a nice flight .
thank you .
next !
here is my ticket .
please step through the scanner .
what is wrong ? !
please step to the side . 
certainly .
do you have any coins in your pocket ?
no , but i have some keys .
ah , that is the problem . put your keys in this bin and walk through the scanner again .
okay .
excellent . no problem . remember to unload your pockets before you go through security next time .
i will do that . thank you .
good morning . can i see your passport ?
here you are .
thank you very much . are you a tourist or on business ?
i am a tourist .
that is fine . have a pleasant stay .
thank you .
good morning . do you have anything to declare ?
i am not sure . i have two bottles of whiskey . do i need to declare that ?
no , you can have up to three liters .
great .
have you brought any food into the country ?
just some cheese i bought in france .
i am afraid i will have to take that .
why ? it is just some cheese .
unfortunately , you are not allowed to bring cheese into the country . i am sorry .
that is strange ! oh well . here you are .
thank you . anything else ?
i bought a t shirt for my daughter .
that is fine . have a nice day .
you , too .
excuse me . is there a bank near here ?
yes . there is a bank on the corner .
thank you .
you are welcome .
excuse me . is there a supermarket near here ?
yes . there is one near here .
how do i get there ?
at the traffic lights , take the first left and go straight on . it is on the left .
is it far ?
not really .
thank you .
do not mention it .
good evening . can i help you ?
yes , please . i had like a room for the night .
would you like a single room , or a double room ?
a single room , please . how much is the room ?
it is $55 per night .
can i pay by credit card ?
certainly . we take visa , master card and american express . could you fill in this form , please ?
do you need my passport number ? no , just an address and your signature .
here you are .
here is your key . your room number is 212 .
thank you .
thank you . if you need anything , dial 0 for the reception area . have a good stay !
hi . how are you doing this afternoon ?
fine , thank you . can i see a menu , please ? 
certainly , here you are .
thank you . what is today is special ?
grilled tuna and cheese on rye .
that sounds good . i will have that . 
would you like something to drink ?
yes , i had like a coke . 
thank you . (returning with the food) here you are . enjoy your meal !
thank you . 
can i get you anything else ?
no thanks . i had like the check (bill   uk english) , please . 
that will be $6 .75 .
here you are . keep the change ! 
thank you ! have a good day !
bye .
where do you live ?
i live in pasadena .
where is pasadena ?
it is in california .
is it in northern california ?
no . it is in southern california .
is pasadena a big city ?
it is pretty big .
how big is  pretty big  ?
it has about 140 ,000 people .
how big is los angeles ?
it has about 3 million people .
do you have a car ?
yes , i do .
what kind of car do you have ?
i have a honda .
is it new ?
it was new in 2003 .
so , it is pretty old now .
yes , it is . but it still looks good .
do you take good care of it ?
oh , yes . i wash it once a week .
do you change the oil ?
my mechanic changes the oil twice a year .
do you have a girlfriend ?
no , i do not . do you ?
i do not have a girlfriend , either .
why not ?
i do not know . maybe i am not rich enough .
girls like guys with money .
they sure do .
they like guys with new cars .
i do not have money or a new car .
me , neither .
but girls like guys who are funny .
maybe we should learn some good jokes .
where are you going ?
i have to walk the dog .
what kind of dog do you have ?
i have a little poodle .
poodles bark a lot .
they sure do .
they bark at everything .
they never shut up .
why did you get a poodle ?
it is my mom is dog .
so she likes poodles .
she says they are good watchdogs .
can i borrow $5 ?
sure . why do you need it ?
i want to buy lunch .
where is your money ?
it is not in my wallet .
your wallet is empty ?
i do not have even one dollar in it .
being broke is no fun .
even if it is only for a short while .
it is always good to have friends .
friends will lend you money when you are broke .
as long as you pay them back .
let is go to the beach .
that is a great idea .
we have not been in a while .
we have not been in a month .
the last time we went , you almost drowned .
no , i did not .
then why did the lifeguard dive into the water ?
i think he wanted to cool off .
he swam right up to you .
and then he turned right around .
maybe you are right .
maybe we should get going .
are you married ?
no . i am divorced .
when did you get divorced ?
i got divorced two years ago .
why did you get divorced ?
my wife left me .
why did she leave you ?
she said she did not love me anymore .
wow ! that is terrible .
yes , it was .
why did not she love you anymore ?
she fell in love with my best friend .
i am bored .
what is on tv ?
nothing .
there must be something on tv !
nothing that is interesting .
what about that new game show ?
which one ?
deal or no deal
tell me you are joking .
i love that show .
i watched it once . that was enough .
it is on right now . let is watch it together .
i like living here .
i agree . pasadena is a nice city .
it is not too big .
and it is not too small .
it has great weather all year long .
it has the rose parade .
it has beautiful houses .
it has wonderful restaurants .
it has great schools .
it is close to the mountains .
the people are friendly .
i am not ever going to leave .
we need a new mattress .
what is the matter with this one ?
it is not comfortable .
it seems fine to me .
i toss and turn all night .
you should stop drinking coffee .
look at these marks on my arms .
what are they ?
they are bites .
did the cat bite you ?
no . the bedbugs in that mattress bit me .
okay . let is get a new mattress .
my laptop is so slow .
buy a new one .
i would if i had the money .
why is it so slow ?
that is a good question .
did you take it to a computer shop ?
i would if i had the money .
well , i guess you have to live with it .
sometimes i want to throw it out the window .
you do not want to do that .
why not ?
you might hit someone in the head .
what is for dinner ?
i am not sure .
how about a pizza ?
you had pizza for lunch .
but i love pizza .
everybody loves pizza .
so why can not i have pizza for dinner ?
because you need variety .
what is  variety ?
different things—not the same thing all the time .
you mean , like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza ?
no , i mean a salad instead of a pizza .
we need to save money .
why do we need to save money ?
because we need to buy a house .
but a house is so expensive .
that is why we need to save money .
how much do we need to save ?
we need to save enough for a down payment .
how much is that ?
that is about $30 ,000 .
thirty thousand dollars ! that will take forever .
not if we save every penny .
okay . here is seven pennies .
the ocean is so big .
you can not see the end of it .
it goes on and on forever .
and it is deep , too .
i think it is five miles deep .
are there fish at the bottom ?
there are fish at the top and the bottom .
are there more fish or more people ?
i think there are more fish .
i hope so . i love to eat fish .
i am upset with my mom .
why is that ?
i warned her about her new boyfriend . she did not listen to me .
what happened ?
i gave her $1 ,000 for her birthday . i told her to spend it on herself .
that was very nice of you .
i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend .
why did she do that ?
he said he would buy her a nice ring .
what is wrong with that ?
he went to las vegas . he lost it all gambling .
i hope your mom broke up with him .
do animals talk to each other ?
of course they talk to each other .
what do they talk about ?
they talk about other animals .
what else do they talk about ?
they talk about food and the weather .
do they talk about us ?
of course they talk about us .
what do they say about us ?
they say that we are funny looking .
ha ! we are not funny looking ; animals are funny looking .
we are funny looking because we wear clothes .
i have to clean the house .
yes , it is very dirty .
you can help me .
why me ?
because you helped make it dirty .
what do you want me to do ?
i want you to clean the bathroom .
oh , that is easy .
clean the sink , the tub , the counter , and the toilet .
that is a lot of work .
tell me when you finish .
i do not think so . you will just give me more work .
you are watching too much tv .
what do you mean ?
i mean you are wasting your life .
i am having fun .
you are sitting there with your mouth open .
who cares ?
i care . do something .
okay . i did something .
what did you do ?
i turned up the volume .
that is not what i meant by do something .
will you do something ? leave me alone .
did you write a letter to grandma ?
yes , i did .
did you tell her about school ?
i told her that school is fun .
did you put the letter in an envelope ?
yes , and i sealed the envelope .
did you put a stamp on the envelope ?
i could not find any stamps .
they are in the kitchen drawer .
okay . i just put a stamp on the envelope .
give me the envelope , and i will mail it for you .
when is grandma going to learn about e mail ?
why are you yawning ?
i am sleepy .
why do not you go to bed ?
i want to watch this tv show .
maybe you should record it .
the tape recorder is broken .
then you should watch the rerun .
why ? i am watching the original .
but you will be asleep in about one minute .
i am just yawning because the commercials are on .
it is sunday .
so ?
you know what that means .
i forgot .
sunday means we go to church .
oh , yeah .
put on a coat and tie .
why ?
to show respect to god and others .
i am glad sunday is only once a week .
i hope god did not hear that .
he will forgive me .
did you feed the cat ?
i will do that in a minute .
the cat is meowing . he is hungry .
okay . i will feed him right now .
you should not make him wait .
i was doing my homework .
the cat does not care about your homework .
the cat does not care about anything .
that is the way cats are .
all they think about is themselves .
maybe we should get rid of him .
of course not ! he is family .
i hate shaving .
me too .
i just cut myself again .
did you use a new blade ?
it does not matter . old blades cut , new blades cut .
maybe you should use an electric shaver .
they make a lot of noise , but they do not give a close shave .
maybe you should stop shaving .
and grow a beard ?
sure . why not ?
because food and other stuff sticks in my beard .
here is an idea . put cream on your face and have the cat lick it off .
excuse me .
yes ?
are you reading this paper ?
oh , no . help yourself .
i asked because the paper is sitting next to you .
thank you . that is polite of you to ask .
some people would just pick it up .
yes , i know . some people are rude .
i always try to be polite .
so do i .
the world needs more polite people like us .
i agree 100 percent .
mom , i want a puppy .
let me think about it .
why do you have to think about it ?
because a puppy costs money .
no , it does not . puppies are free .
yes , but a puppy needs shots .
shots for what ?
so it wo not get sick . just like you get shots .
i hate shots .
and a puppy eats food . food costs money .
no problem . i will give him food off my plate .
oh , no you do not . puppies do not eat vegetables .
look at all these kittens !
how many are there ?
eight .
they are all so cute .
yes , but i can not keep them .
what are you going to do with them ?
i am going to give them away . do you want one ?
yes , i would love one .
which one do you want ?
that one . the one that is all black .
yes , i like that one , too .
i will call him blacky .
my parents go to church every sunday .
they trust in god .
they hope they will go to heaven .
they probably will .
but no one knows for sure .
that is for sure .
no one knows what happens after we die .
if we are good , we will be happy in heaven with god .
that is what many people believe .
if we are bad , we will be unhappy forever in hell .
i do not want to go to hell .
let is go to church with your parents on sunday .
my husband died .
i am sorry for you .
thank you .
when did he die ?
a couple of months ago .
you still miss him .
yes , but i talk to him almost every day .
when you go to church ?
no , when i call him on his cell phone .
what do you mean ?
i buried him with his cell phone .
what will you do when the battery dies ?
today is friday the thirteenth .
that is a bad day .
it is supposed to be unlucky .
you are supposed to stay home all day .
that is what i do .
my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth .
that was a mistake .
he stayed on the thirteenth floor .
what happened ?
someone stole his laptop .
he was asking for it .
he learned his lesson . he is home today .
do you really love me ?
of course .
prove it .
how can i prove it ?
take me to dinner .
that is it ? that is all i have to do ?
take me to a nice restaurant , not to mcdonald is .
but a nice restaurant costs money .
yes , and you have to make a reservation .
that is such a hassle .
i knew you did not love me .
okay , okay ! i will make a reservation right now .
my parents are divorced .
so are mine .
why did your parents get divorced ?
my father found a new girlfriend .
that is too bad .
my mother was hurt and angry .
she had good reason . what did she do ?
she told him to drop his girlfriend .
what did your father do ?
he moved out of our house .
i guess he really liked his new girlfriend .
yes , but she left him a year later .
my grandma is apartment smells funny .
so does mine .
i think it is an old people is smell .
really ?
yes . i think when you get old , you begin to smell .
like fruit that is too ripe ?
yes , just like fruit that is too ripe .
but the smell is different .
yes , old people do not smell like fruit .
no , they smell like a thrift shop .
yes , a thrift shop has that same smell .
yes , an old smell .
the price of stamps goes up and up .
i think stamps used to cost a penny .
that was a long time ago .
it was before i was born .
now a stamp is 42 cents .
but in may it will be 44 cents .
have you ever lost a letter in the mail ?
no , i have not .
neither have i .
so , they do a good job for the money .
yes , they do .
maybe we should not complain .
a button came off my shirt .
what are you going to do ?
first , i have to find the button .
where did you lose it ?
i have no idea .
a button is hard to find . did you look in your pant cuffs ?
that is a good idea .
i found a button in my pant cuffs one time .
let me look . no , it is not there .
many shirts come with an extra button .
you are right . this one does have an extra button .
now all you have to do is sew it on .
i have to go to the bathroom .
you drink too much coffee .
but i love coffee .
well , it is your life .
you eat too much chocolate .
i do not think so .
have you looked in the mirror ?
do you think i am getting fat ?
i did not say that .
what did you say ?
i said i have to go to the bathroom .
that is what i thought you said .
did you do the laundry ?
yes , i did .
what did you wash ?
i washed the sheets and towels .
what about the pillowcases ?
yes , i took them off the pillows and washed them .
did you dry everything in the dryer ?
yes , i dried everything in the dryer .
then what did you do ?
i folded all the towels .
did you put the sheets on the beds ?
yes , and i put the pillowcases on the pillows .
do you listen to the radio ?
i listen day and night .
what do you listen to ?
mostly talk radio .
what is that ?
people talk about current events .
what do they say ?
they say they want change .
what kind of change ?
they want tax cuts .
why do they want tax cuts ?
because tax cuts will save them money .
mom , i am hungry .
look in the fridge .
i am looking . there is nothing to eat .
are you sure ?
it is almost empty .
i went to the market yesterday .
i do not see anything .
i bought lots of oranges and apples .
i do not want fruit . i want something tasty .
eat the fruit . it is good for you .
next time you go to the market , let me go with you .
no , thank you . all you want to eat are hot dogs and candy bars .
what is there to eat ?
i do not know . look in the fridge .
i think i will make a sandwich .
what kind ?
a ham sandwich .
the bread is in the cabinet .
where is the mustard ?
it is in the fridge , i think .
oh , yes , here it is . do you want a sandwich ?
yes , that sounds nice .
how about some potato chips ?
yes . and a pickle , if we have any .
it is time for your bath , young lady .
but , mom , i am not dirty .
you need a bath every day .
why ?
because you do not want to smell bad .
i do not smell bad .
that is what you think .
if i smelled bad , i could smell me .
i can smell you .
i can smell you , too .
that is my perfume .
when can i wear perfume ?
something is wrong with my computer .
exactly what ?
all i get is a black screen .
what is the matter ?
i think i know , because this happened before .
what happened before ?
my hard drive crashed .
oh , no . that is bad news .
it sure is , but i am going to call hp first , just to make sure .
will you lose all your files ?
no , i always back up my files .
you are smart .
i called hp about my computer .
what did they say ?
they said i need a new hard drive .
that is too bad . how much is a new one ?
it is not too much , only about $85 .
plus installation ?
no , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .
really ?
yes , it is just a couple of screws .
that is nice .
it is a lot better than paying someone $60 .
if my hard drive crashes , i will just call you .
what is your email address ?
it is blue street .
are you sure that is all ?
yes .
no . that is incomplete .
what do you mean ?
what is your mailing address ?
cherry drive , pasadena .
that is correct .
so what is the problem ?
it is just the street . you have to give me the city , state , and zip code .
oh , i get it . my email address is this .
i am going to take a nap .
you should unplug the phone .
that is a good idea .
do you want me to wake you in an hour ?
no , thanks . just let me sleep until i wake up .
i will start dinner at 6 :00 .
okay . i think i will be awake by then .
if not , your nose will wake you up .
you mean i will smell the food cooking ?
you might even dream about dinner .
i do not think i am going to dream about anything . i am really tired .
have a nice nap .
that was a nice funeral .
yes , dad , it was .
the son gave a nice speech about his father .
it was long , too .
i think it was about 45 minutes long .
but it went by fast . it was interesting .
i liked it .
i will give you a speech like that , too .
do you think anyone will come to my funeral ?
of course .
i think only the family will be there .
you have lots of friends . they will be there , too !
what was that noise ?
i had to blow my nose .
did you have to blow right next to the phone ?
did you hear that ?
of course i heard that . i thought a plane had crashed into your house .
it was not that loud .
i will blow my nose sometime for you , and you will see .
okay . i will take your word for it .
i thought you had an elephant in your house .
you are funny .
what did you say ? i think i have gone deaf .
i am going into the bathroom to blow my nose . i will be right back .
i have lots of friends .
really ? how many do you have ?
i do not know , maybe one hundred .
that is a lot of friends . do you have a best friend ?
of course . i have lots of best friends .
how many best friends do you have ?
i think about twenty five .
i have only one best friend .
i feel sorry for you .
i have only a few friends .
you must be lonely . i will share my friends with you .
that is very nice of you .
do not you ever cheat on me .
why would i do that ?
because men like to cheat .
some men do , but not me .
i am watching you .
i am an open book . watch me all you want .
if i catch you , you will be sorry .
you wo not catch me , because i love you . i am not a cheater .
i will poke your eyes out .
i do not want any other woman .
i will chop your toes off , one by one .
honey , please . you are the only woman for me , forever . i swear it .
i hate to go outside .
me too .
why do you hate to go outside ?
i meet too many jerks .
i agree .
this city is full of jerks .
rude people are everywhere .
but what can you do ?
you can yell at them .
and they will yell back at you .
yelling does not do any good .
no . the best thing to do is just stay home .
will you look at this form ?
are you having problems with it ?
i do not understand some things .
let me help you .
what does  mi  mean ?
 mi  stands for middle initial .
what does  mm/dd/yy  mean ?
that means month/day/year . use numbers .
i do not understand .
for example , if your birth date is january 12 , 1987 , write 01/12/87 .
oh . that is simple enough .
always print clearly , and fill in the bubbles completely .
let is go to the animal shelter .
what do you want to do ?
i want to get a puppy for my son .
that will make him so happy .
i will get him one of those little dogs .
one that wo not grow up too big .
and eat too much .
do you know which one he would like ?
oh , yes , i took him there yesterday . he showed me one that he really liked .
i bet you had to drag him away .
he wanted to take it home yesterday .
i wonder what he will name it . 
what is the weather like ?
i do not know . i just woke up .
why do not you look outside ?
okay . it looks like rain .
why do you say that ?
the sky is gray .
is it raining right now ?
no .
how do you know ?
the street is not wet .
i have to go shopping today .
you had better take an umbrella .
i can not believe how hot it is .
it is not even noon yet .
that means it will get hotter .
i am dying from the heat .
turn on the air conditioner .
it does not work .
what happened ?
i do not know .
did you call the repairman ?
of course .
when is he coming ?
he is busy . he said next week .
i will be glad when winter comes .
why is that ?
because i love the snow .
yes , the snow is fun .
last year we made a big snowman .
how big was it ?
it was seven feet tall .
how long did it take ?
it took us all day .
did you give him a nose ?
of course . we gave him a big carrot for a nose .
let me help you make one this year .
i am going to the bank .
what do you need to do ?
i need to withdraw some money .
how are you going to do that ?
i will just use the atm .
what is that ?
it is the automatic teller machine .
it gives you money ?
i just insert my debit card into the machine .
and it gives you money ?
well , it gives me money , but it is my own money .
oh . what good is that ? i thought it gave you free money .
did you put the blue bin out on the street ?
oh , no . i forgot .
well , you had better take it out front .
what time does the recycle truck come by ?
it usually gets here at noon on tuesday , which is tomorrow .
i will just take it out to the street tomorrow morning .
oh , no , you do not .
what do you mean ?
every morning you get up late and rush off to work late .
do you think i will forget to do it ?
you will remember to do it , but you wo not have time to do it .
okay , i will take it out front right now .
are you ready ?
ready for what ?
ready for the big switch .
what are you talking about ?
the nation is switching to digital tv .
oh . of course i am ready .
did you buy the converter ?
no , i do not need a converter because i bought a digital tv .
how much was that ?
it was only about $120 for a 13 inch screen .
does it pick up any digital channels ?
oh , yes . i get six korean channels but nothing in english !
people are funny .
they sure are .
did you hear about the pilot ?
the one that stole a small plane ?
yes , he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u .s .
did they catch him ?
yes . after two u .s . fighter jets followed him for an hour , he landed on a highway .
did he crash ?
no , he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant .
did the cops find out why he flew into the u .s . ?
his life sucked . he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down .
poor guy .
the police need our help finding a robber .
how do you know ?
the tv news is reporting a bank robbery .
do they know what the robber looks like ?
yes , he is 6 feet tall , 200 pounds , black hair , and about 30 years old .
what race is he ?
they did not say .
the tv news does not tell us the race anymore .
of course not . that would be racist .
but how can we identify someone if we do not know their race ?
do not ask me .
then they also should not tell us if the robber is male or female , because that is sexist .
do not wipe your nose on your sleeve .
but i do not have a tissue .
then go find a tissue in the bathroom .
i did not have time to get one from there .
your sleeves are not tissues .
but mom , all my friends use their sleeves .
that does not make it right .
i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday .
i will talk to your father about that .
i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age .
your daddy was a good little boy .
how do you know ? were you his mommy , too ?
i am worried .
worried about what ?
i am getting married .
you should be happy , not worried .
i am happy , but marriage is a lot of responsibility .
yes , you have to take care of your wife .
and i have to take care of our children .
are you going to start a family ?
yes . we want to have a little boy and a little girl .
that sounds wonderful .
except we can not afford it !
no wonder you are worried .
i do not get art .
or artists .
they are in a different world .
i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils .
the artist said the jar was both full and empty .
but it was full of pencils ! how could he say it was empty ?
artists see things differently .
did you ever see anything that picasso painted ?
of course ! he is world famous .
did he ever take art lessons ?
i can not believe it . i drew paintings like that in third grade .
where are they ? maybe they are worth millions .
what is the point ?
the point of what ?
of living .
who knows ? you live , and then you die .
we must be here for some reason .
maybe we are here to have fun .
then why are not i having fun ?
because you are thinking too much .
so i should stop thinking ?
stop thinking about what the point is .
okay . i will start thinking about having some fun .
just be patient . fun does not come along every five minutes .
beer is a powerful drug .
so are cigarettes .
which would you prefer ?
what do you mean ?
when you die and go to heaven , they will offer you beer or cigarettes .
i could pick only one or the other ?
yes . nothing is perfect , not even in heaven .
boy , that is a tough one .
what is so tough about it ? of course , i would pick cigarettes .
but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer .
well , you can not have everything .
i do not think i want to go to your heaven .
my pants have a hole in the front pocket .
you should not carry pens in your pocket .
yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe .
lucky for you it was not a sharp knife .
who carries a sharp knife in their pocket ?
criminals , of course .
anyway , i have to fix the hole .
you can sew it up or use an iron on patch .
tell me about this patch .
the patch has glue . the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on .
that sounds a lot easier than sewing .
it is . but after about ten washings , the glue washes off .
do you know any good jokes ?
i can not remember jokes .
neither can i .
they go in one ear and out the other .
who makes up all these jokes ?
who knows ? but there must be a hundred new ones every day .
yes , just in english alone .
i wonder if every language has jokes .
of course ! people everywhere like good jokes .
what do you think people joke about the most ?
i think most jokes are about women .
oh , really ? i think most jokes are about men !
you are very lucky .
why do you say that ?
you speak two languages .
well , my english is not perfect .
no one speaks perfect english .
maybe i will be the first !
i have been thinking about learning spanish .
spanish is easy . i will be happy to teach you .
how long will it take me to learn ?
i think it will only take you a year or two .
how soon can we begin ?
that means right now .
do you know what today is ?
yes , it is april 22 .
it is more than just a date .
is it your birthday or anniversary ?
no , it is earth day .
what is that ?
it is a yearly reminder to take care of our planet .
oh , you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff ?
yes . we need to think green , save water , and stop using plastic bags .
how about if i take shorter showers ?
that is a good idea , because showers waste a lot of water .
from now on i will spend only 20 minutes in the shower .
poetry sucks .
i do not know anyone who likes it .
some of it is okay , i guess .
yes , the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember .
like  one , two , buckle my shoe . 
but people still write poems .
no one makes any money at it .
shakespeare was a poet .
did he get rich from his poetry ?
probably not .
poems are a little bit like songs .
yes , but songs have music . without music , songs would suck , too .
how smart are you ?
i do not know . i think i am average .
did you ever take an iq test ?
no , i never did . all i know is that i got a is and b is in school .
i wish i was really smart .
do not be ridiculous .
what do you mean ?
if you are going to make a wish , wish that you were really rich or famous .
do not you ever wonder what it is like to be super smart ?
it must be very lonely .
why is that ?
because if you are super smart , no one understands what you are saying .
i missed the tv news last night . what was on ?
nothing that would pass as news .
what is the weather going to be like this weekend ?
i do not know . whenever the weather comes on , i switch channels .
what was the lead story on the news ?
some actress was in court for driving without a license .
what was the second story ?
some actor married a woman young enough to be his daughter .
what was the third story ?
a bull chased a man in a supermarket .
was not there anything about octo mom ?
of course . she is going to hire a nanny for her eight infants .
what are you going to do about your death ?
well , mostly i will try to avoid it .
i mean , are you going to get buried or cremated ?
my wife and i will be cremated .
are you going to be buried next to each other ?
oh , no . our ashes will be shaken into the ocean .
you are not going to be buried ?
a coffin costs too much and takes up too much space .
yes , but it will be in a cemetery where your children can visit you .
children seldom visit their parents in a cemetery .
that is true . a cemetery is for dead people , not living people .
we figure our kids can visit us whenever they go to the beach .
did you wipe your feet ?
yes , of course i wiped my feet .
then why is there mud on the carpet ?
i do not know . it is not my mud .
well , someone brought it into the house .
look at the bottom of my shoes—they are clean .
of course they are clean . you left all the mud on the carpet .
okay , i will get the vacuum cleaner .
do not vacuum it now .
do not you want me to clean up the mud ?
wait till it dries . it will be easier to vacuum .
next time i will be more careful .
what are you getting for your mom ?
what are you talking about ?
sunday is mother is day .
this sunday ?
of course . it is all over the news .
i thought it was next sunday .
well , you had better get her something .
i will get her a nice card .
is that it ?
yes . that is all i ever give her .
she raised you , and all you ever give her is a card ?
it is okay . she knows that i love her .
i do not like our flag .
what is the matter with it ?
it is too much like other flags .
yes , a lot of flags have stripes .
a flag should be pretty .
what should our flag look like ?
it should have a pretty woman on it .
that is ridiculous !
you do not like pretty women ?
of course i do . but not on our flag !
every nation should have a pretty woman on their flag .
you can not go to war carrying a flag with a woman on it !
i had a busy morning .
what did you do ?
i watered all the plants .
you have a lot of plants .
then i did my laundry .
that takes some time .
i took the dog for a walk .
i will bet he enjoyed his walk .
i vacuumed the entire house .
that is a lot of work .
and then i made lunch .
i will bet you were hungry !
i do not have long distance service with my home phone .
so how do you make long distance calls ?
i use a calling card .
where do you get that ?
i buy it at the dollar store .
how much is it ?
it is one dollar for 100 minutes .
that is only a penny a minute !
it is a great price . but you have to dial a lot of numbers .
how many ?
first you dial seven numbers , then ten numbers , then ten more numbers .
i think i will keep my long distance service .
do you go to college ?
yes , i do .
what college do you go to ?
i go to pasadena city college .
do you like it ?
oh , yes , i really like it .
why do you like it ?
because it has great teachers .
what else ?
i like all my classmates , too .
anything else ?
yes . it is not expensive !
i lost my new pen .
where did you lose it ?
i do not know .
when did you lose it ?
i think i lost it today . i used it yesterday .
did you check all your pockets ?
i checked all my pockets .
did you look in your desk ?
yes . it is not there , either .
it is probably around somewhere .
oh , well , it only cost me a dollar .
only a dollar ? do not even look for it .
gravity is very important .
what is gravity ?
it is the force that pulls everything down .
i do not understand .
if you pour water into a glass , the water goes down into the glass .
of course it does .
without gravity , the water would go up .
you are joking .
without gravity , you would go up .
what do you mean ?
you would float into the sky like a balloon .
that would be fun !
i can not read my book .
turn on the light .
the light is on .
open the book .
the book is open .
see an eye doctor .
that is what i need to do .
he will give you a prescription for glasses .
i will make an appointment tomorrow .
i will get the yellow pages for an eye doctor .
read the phone number to me .
i will read it very loud , in case your hearing is getting bad , too .
what do you need for school ?
i need pencils .
anything else ?
i need a notebook .
do you need a pen ?
no . i already have a pen .
do you need a calculator ?
no . the teacher does not permit calculators .
how about a dictionary ?
no , we have a big dictionary in the classroom .
well , i guess that is it .
yes , that is all i need for now .
i like this magazine .
so do i .
i read it once , and i subscribed .
it gives you all the news .
all the news in only 50 pages .
i like the political cartoons .
i like the beautiful photos of the houses for sale .
i always read the film reviews .
i never miss the food and drink section .
i gave a subscription to my parents .
me too . they canceled their other news magazines .
so did mine !
my pen is out of ink .
shake it a couple of times .
i shook it . there is no more ink .
you can borrow mine .
thank you . i will buy a new one tomorrow .
what were you doing ?
i was writing a letter .
who were you writing to ?
it is to my mom .
tell her i said hello .
okay . i will return your pen when i am done .
take your time .
have you done your homework ?
not yet .
then why are you watching tv ?
this is my favorite show .
go do your homework .
but , mom !
you can watch tv after you do your homework .
but the show will be over .
there will be another show next week .
please ?
you know the rules .
i hate the rules ! i can not wait till i grow up .
i can not wait until i graduate .
me too .
no more homework .
i hate homework .
are you going to college ?
i can not afford it .
me neither .
so what are you going to do ?
i am joining the army .
you are kidding . you might get killed .
i do not think so . after i finish , i will have enough money to go to college .
that is not a bad idea .
what is your major ?
english .
what are you going to do with an english major ?
i am going to be a teacher .
high school or middle school ?
high school .
i teach high school english .
i did not know that .
i started teaching five years ago .
how do you like it ?
do you see all this gray hair ? it was totally black five years ago .
maybe i will teach middle school .
parking at school is impossible .
i will say .
i drove around for half an hour .
did you find a spot ?
i found a spot , but someone cut in and took it from me .
did you yell at them ?
yes , i did .
and ?
and he yelled back at me .
how rude .
but i got lucky a few minutes later .
you have to be lucky to find a parking space .
this is a huge library .
yes , it has lots of rooms and lots of space .
and lots of books .
and lots of thieves .
what do you mean ?
i mean , keep your belongings close to you .
the only thing in my backpack is used books .
but thieves do not know that .
they might think that i have got an ipod or laptop in there .
now you are thinking .
you had think a library would be safe from thieves .
not even a church is safe from thieves .
how good is your math ?
i can add two and two .
so you are not very good at math ?
i am terrible at math .
well , i need some help .
with what ?
i am taking a math course in school .
well , you should ask your teacher or your classmates for help .
i can not do that .
why not ?
they might think i am stupid .
they are not going to think that ! they will be glad to help you .
do you believe in god ?
of course .
do you pray to god ?
occasionally .
when is that ?
when i need something .
like what ?
well , if i have a big test at school .
does god answer your prayers ?
yes , i have passed all my tests .
do you ever pray for money ?
not yet . i wo not need to do that until i graduate from high school .
the cops finally found the husband .
what husband ?
the husband of the driver who ran over two college students at 3 a .m .
oh , yeah . the girl died instantly , and the boy is still in the hospital .
the husband said he tried to help the boy .
yes , he pushed him off the hood of the car .
no , he said he gently placed the boy on the street .
so what ? they still drove off .
the husband said a fire department was nearby .
so what ? did he dial 911 ?
he said he was thinking about it , but he did not get around to it .
he did not get around to turning himself in , either .
i do not like riding the bus .
why not ?
the seats and windows are dirty .
do not they clean the bus every night ?
i think they do .
you should bring some wipes with you .
that is a good idea .
then you can wipe your seat and window .
people will think i am strange .
who cares ? everyone is strange .
that is for sure .
do not worry about what people think .
i do not like riding the bus .
why not ?
number one , it is too slow .
you are right . a car is faster .
number two , it is usually late .
you are right . the buses are never on time .
number three , it does not run 24 hours .
you are right . buses do not run late at night .
number four , it is too crowded .
you are right . you have to stand in the aisle .
number five , it is unsafe .
you are right . bad guys might rob you .
we had a problem at school .
what was the problem ?
someone cut the tires .
what tires ?
the tires on the cars .
where were the cars ?
they were in the student parking lot .
how many tires were cut ?
one or two tires were cut on each car .
how many cars ?
eleven cars .
that is terrible . i hope they catch the person .
life is not fair .
it sure is not .
i got a ticket yesterday .
what for ?
i was crossing the street .
were you in a crosswalk ?
yes , but the red hand was blinking .
so ? that is a ticket ?
yes , it is a $140 ticket .
that is not right !
when i started to cross the street , the white walk sign was blinking .
you need to walk faster .
you are driving too fast .
why do you say that ?
the speed limit is 65 .
i know that .
but you are doing 75 .
so is everyone else .
but a cop might stop you .
no , he wo not . some cars are doing 85 .
so the cop will stop those cars ?
of course . he stops the fastest cars .
my friend got a ticket for doing 75 .
your friend was unlucky .
remember to put air in your tires .
how often do i have to do that ?
once every two months .
that is a lot .
what do you mean ?
that is six times a year !
yes , and it takes about five minutes each time .
i will try .
check your tires or you will get a flat .
oh . that is not good .
no , it is not . a flat costs you time and money .
and i do not have either .
you are driving too fast .
i am in a hurry .
do not ever be in a hurry .
it is not my fault . you did not wake me up .
that is not my fault . you did not tell me to wake you up .
well , i meant to .
do not ever be in a hurry when you are driving .
why not ?
because you will have an accident . most accidents are because people are in a hurry .
how do you know that ?
i read a lot .
i thought drunks caused most accidents .
let is go for a ride .
where are we going ?
into the mountains .
that sounds nice .
i want to show you my new car .
you bought a new car ?
yes . i bought a cadillac .
a luxury car .
luxury plus speed .
what are we waiting for ?
let me get the keys .
let me get my camera .
i have to go to the bathroom .
why did not you go before we left ?
i did , but i have to go again .
well , hold on a little longer .
i think i am going to explode .
just hold on .
oh ! do not hit any more bumps !
we will be at mcdonald is in just a few minutes .
i hope they are fast minutes .
think about something else . think about a hamburger .
i am thinking , but i still have to go .
it is the next exit . hold on !
where is the car ?
what do you mean ?
the car is not here .
where did you park it ?
i parked it right here .
are you sure ?
yes . i remember this big tree .
maybe it is the wrong tree .
no , this is the tree .
did someone steal it ?
i sure hope not .
maybe they towed it away .
look at this traffic .
i had rather not .
it gets worse every year .
why are you complaining ? we are going almost 20 miles an hour .
the speed limit is 65 !
well , that is between 2 :00 and 4 :00 a .m .
where are all these people going ?
they are all asking the same question .
when are they going to fix this problem ?
they said they need more money .
they always need more money .
it will get worse before it gets better .
did you see that car ?
yes , he went through the red light .
can we call the police ?
no , the police do not care .
why not ?
they have to see it happen .
they do not believe us ?
no . they can only give a ticket if they see it happen .
so , what do we do ?
we do not do anything .
maybe we should honk the horn next time .
the driver will just honk back at us .
my car is dirty .
why do not you wash it ?
that is what i am going to do .
are you going to wash it yourself ?
of course . it is not a hard job .
i will help you .
okay , i will get a bucket .
i will rinse the car first .
then we can scrub it with a wet sponge and soap .
after that , we can dry it with a towel .
then it will look like new
and you save $10 .
it sure is windy today .
paper is flying everywhere .
this wind is dangerous for drivers .
especially for drivers of big trucks .
the wind blows those trucks over .
it blows trees over , too .
a tree fell onto my dad is car .
was there much damage ?
my dad had to buy a new car .
wow ! that is terrible .
never park your car under a tree .
the wind will get you , or the birds will get you .
when are we going to stop ?
we will stop at the next mcdonald is .
how far away is that ?
i think we will be there in half an hour .
i hope so . i have to go to the bathroom .
well , i can always pull over .
no , thank you , i will just wait .
we can kill two birds with one stone .
what do you mean ?
while you are using the bathroom , i will order some food .
do not order for me . i am not hungry .
i am very hungry . i will order for you , and then i will eat yours .
this is such a long light .
look how many cars are waiting in line .
they need a left turn arrow .
only two cars can make a left turn every three or four minutes .
we will be here forever .
get out of this lane .
but we need to turn left .
forget it . go straight .
then what ?
then we will just make a u turn .
and then we can turn right at the light .
good idea . it will be so much quicker .
i need a cheap car .
how much money do you have ?
$1 ,000 .
well , that should get you something .
but i need something that is reliable .
you need a car with low mileage .
a car that was owned by a little old lady .
where have you looked ?
i have not looked anywhere yet .
why not ?
because i will never find one for such a low price .
you are right about that . keep saving your money .
good afternoon , officer .
your driver is license and registration , please .
here you go .
do you know why i pulled you over ?
i have no idea . all of a sudden i heard your siren .
you rolled through that stop sign back there .
but i stopped !
no , you did not . you slowed down , but you did not come to a full stop .
well , nobody else does , so why should i ?
that is not the attitude of a good driver .
but i am a good driver . i have never had a ticket in my life .
well , you have got one now . here . have a nice day .
$140 . i can not believe it .
what are you talking about ?
i got a ticket downtown for $140 .
were you speeding ?
no , i was crossing the street .
were you jaywalking ?
no , i was in the crosswalk .
so why did you get a ticket ?
the officer said the red hand was blinking .
was it blinking when you entered the crosswalk ?
no , the white walk sign was blinking .
you should fight that ticket . i will be your witness .
they were in a crosswalk near school at 3 a .m .
who ?
two students from usc .
what happened ?
a speeding car ran a red light , killing the girl .
what happened to the other student ?
he landed on the hood of the car .
did he get off the hood ?
no , the car stopped and the passenger pushed the injured student off the hood .
i will bet the car continued on its way .
of course it did . why stop after you have run over two people ?
i hope they find them and put them in jail for life .
what happened to your car ?
i got a dent in the parking lot .
how did you get it ?
i do not know . maybe it was from a shopping cart .
those shopping carts are dangerous .
especially the metal ones .
i do not park at a store that uses metal shopping carts .
that is a good idea , but there was a good sale at this store .
did you save any money on the sale ?
yes , i did . i saved about $50 .
that is great .
yes , except this dent will cost about $150 .
did you see titanic ?
yes . it is a great movie .
i saw it twelve times .
i saw it eight times .
i have the dvd .
so do i .
let is go to your home .
we can watch my dvd .
and then we can go to my home .
and watch your dvd .
i always cry at the end .
me too . it is so sad .
let is play cards .
i do not know any card games .
i will teach you one .
okay . what will you teach me ?
it is called poker .
is it easy to learn ?
yes , it will only take about 30 minutes .
okay . teach me how to play .
we each get five cards .
oh , look . i have four tens .
that is great , but you are not supposed to tell me .
oh . sorry . okay , i do not have four tens .
i am a good card player .
why is that ?
because i watch the other players .
what do you mean ?
people will tell you if they have a good hand .
how do they do that ?
for example , a friend of mine licks his lips .
when he licks his lips , you know he has a good hand ?
i know he has a good hand , so i do not bet .
he never wins your money ?
nope , and it drives him crazy .
he knows you can not read his mind . maybe he thinks you are cheating .
turn the radio down , please .
but i am listening to it .
well , listen to it more quietly .
i can not wait till i grow up .
what will you do ?
i will play the radio as loud as i want .
that is okay with me .
i will have a radio in every room of my house .
remind me to never visit you .
all the radios will be on extra loud .
your neighbors will hate you .
if they do not like it , they can move .
i hope i win the lotto .
your chances are very small .
but you can not win if you do not play .
ha ! you can not win if you do play .
someone has to win .
that is what everyone says .
it might as well be me .
that is what everyone says .
you are trying to tell me something .
that did not take long .
you think i should quit playing .
save your money for school .
what is on tv ?
nothing much .
what about the baseball game ?
it got rained out .
rained out ?
yes , rained out .
how could that be ?
well , you can not play baseball in a rainstorm .
i thought they were playing under a dome .
the dome does not close .
why does not it close ?
who knows ? they said they will fix it before next season .
can i try your coffee ?
sure . here you go .
hmm , that is not bad .
there is nothing in it .
what do you mean ?
i mean , it is just coffee .
i figured that .
it is not too bitter for you ?
it is a little bitter , but it is okay .
there is no sugar or cream in it .
no , it is a taste you have to get used to .
sort of like beer .
let is take a walk .
what is the weather like ?
let me step outside and see .
it is a little chilly , right ?
yes , it is .
i will put on my cap .
wear a jacket , too .
i wonder if i should bring my gloves .
maybe you should , just in case it gets colder .
i will put a glove in each pocket .
we will get warmer as we walk .
yes , but it gets colder as the sun goes down .
look at the car chase on tv !
that driver is crazy .
i can not believe he has not crashed .
how fast is he going ?
they say he is going 80 miles per hour .
he is going to kill someone .
look ! he just hit that car .
oh , my goodness . no one is safe on the streets .
now he is slowing down .
maybe he ran out of gas .
look ! he just got out of the car and started running .
i hope the police catch him .
tv news is so stupid .
they should not even call it news .
last night they told us about a cat in a sofa .
yesterday they told us about a dog in a pipe .
last week they told us about a bear in a back yard .
last month they told us about a mouse in a restaurant .
the weatherman tells us the temperature in every town .
the sports guy shows us players fighting .
they always tell us  what is next . 
they always make  what is next  sound exciting , but it never is .
it is more like news for kids .
they should have kid reporters .
i love my computer .
computers are so cool .
i love to go online .
the internet is amazing .
you can travel all over the world .
i know . i went to china yesterday .
what did you do ?
i stood on the great wall and looked all around .
what was it like ?
it was like the real thing .
it was like being there ?
yes , i felt like i was actually there .
the beatles are the best .
they are the best musical group ever .
i love all their songs .
i do not know which one i like the best .
i like the ones i can sing along with .
so do i , like she loves you .
she loves you , yeah , yeah , yeah !
and you know you should be glad !
what a great song .
how about let it be ?
oh , yes ! let it be , let it be
there will be an answer , let it be !
let is go to a movie .
i had rather not .
why not ?
you know i do not like crowds .
let is go to an early movie .
okay , that wo not be very crowded .
what would you like to see ?
oh , i do not care . you are the one who wants to go out .
well , i want to see  the pursuit of happyness . 
what have you heard about it ?
it is based on a true story about a divorced man and his young son .
well , i hope it has a happy ending .
what is your favorite thing to do ?
i like to watch people .
that is your favorite thing to do ?
well , it is one of them .
where do you go to watch people ?
my girlfriend and i sit outside starbucks .
that sounds like a good spot .
we watch people walk by with their dogs .
i guess you see lots of different dogs .
we do not even know what kind most of them are .
there are lots of different kinds , but they all have one thing in common .
yes , they love to sniff each other when they meet .
they call him father dollar bill .
yes , he was on the tv news today .
every easter sunday he gives away money .
is it his money ?
no . movie stars give him money to give to homeless people .
how much money does he give away ?
this year he gave away $15 ,000 .
that is a lot of money .
he gave $100 to people in wheelchairs .
what about the other homeless people ?
they got $1 each .
people stood in line just to get one dollar ?
old movies are the best .
even though they are in black and white .
a good story is more important than color .
actors did not curse back then .
and there was no violence .
people today do not like that .
no , today people like lots of action .
i like a good story .
i like to see actors who are like real people .
like real people with real problems .
they still make movies like that .
yes , but they never make much money .
do you get pbs on tv ?
yes , everybody gets the public broadcasting system .
it puts me to sleep .
tell me about it .
a gardening show follows a knitting show .
a cooking show follows a sewing show .
a travel show follows another travel show .
i will say ! i have gone around the world a dozen times already !
now they are adding old tv shows to the old movies .
i sure would like to see something interesting for a change .
if more people donate money , pbs could offer new shows .
who wants to donate ? public tv should be free .
i love to watch judge judy .
is that a tv show ?
yes . it is on every afternoon .
what is so good about it ?
they have interesting lawsuits .
such as ?
yesterday , a woman complained about a cell phone she bought on ebay .
was something wrong with the phone ?
it works only in canada .
did the seller know that ?
yes , and he did not tell the buyer .
i hope judge judy made the seller take the phone back .
that woman is a very good singer .
yes , but she looks like a man .
what difference does it make ?
female singers are supposed to be pretty .
singers are supposed to sound good .
they should look good , too .
there are lots of ugly men singers .
men singers do not have to look good .
then neither do women singers .
well , i would never buy her cd .
but you would buy her cd if she was pretty ?
yes . i would buy all of her cds .
all the tv stations are going to go digital .
yes , that will occur next month .
most of them are already broadcasting in digital .
the digital signal is very clear .
oh , no , it is not !
what do you mean ?
i can not get a single channel .
do you have a digital tv ?
of course . but i do not have cable .
you do not need to have cable , but you do need a good antenna .
but i have rabbit ears .
rabbit ears are not strong enough . buy a digital antenna .
i have got a date for you .
oh , really ?
are you interested ?
maybe . what is she like ?
she is got a great personality .
uh oh . that means that she is fat and ugly .
she is cute .
okay , so she is not ugly ; she is just fat .
she weighs 98 pounds .
okay , she is not fat . so what is the problem with her ?
who said there is a problem with her ?
the problem is she has no problems—she is too good for me !
i think you are very pretty .
thank you .
would you have dinner with me ?
i would like to .
can i pick you up friday night ?
what time ?
eight o'clock .
that sounds great .
we will go to a french restaurant .
i have never been to a french restaurant .
i think you will love the food .
i am not going to eat any snails !
you have pretty eyes .
thank you . so do you .
i wish my eyes were blue .
what is the matter with green eyes ?
nothing , except my favorite color is blue .
maybe in your next life you will have blue eyes .
but what if i am a fish in my next life ?
i think some fish have blue eyes .
i hope i do not come back as a fish .
i hope i come back as a cat .
cats have beautiful eyes .
i would love to have blue cat eyes .
i love you .
i love you , too .
i loved you the first day i saw you .
it was love at first sight ?
yes , it was love at first sight .
i did not love you at first .
i know . i had to chase you for a while .
yes , you chased me and then you caught me .
now you are mine forever .
and you are mine forever .
we will grow old together .
and be happy together .
i am in love with that girl .
have you told her ?
of course not .
why not ?
she would laugh at me .
how do you know ?
because they always do .
maybe she is different .
they are all the same .
just ask her out to dinner .
and then what ?
and then she will know that you like her .
give me a hug .
i am not in the mood .
what is the matter ?
i saw you looking at that woman .
what woman ?
you know , that woman with the big boobs .
i was not looking at her .
you were , too .
i am not interested in her .
then why were you looking at her ?
i was looking at something else .
oh , really ? then spend tonight looking at the sofa .
would you like to go on a blind date ?
you must be joking .
no , i am serious .
i do not want to date a blind woman .
a blind date does not mean that she is blind !
what does it mean ?
a blind date is a date with someone you do not know .
why would i date someone i do not even know ?
to try something new and exciting .
what if i do not like her ?
i have a date tomorrow night .
really ? who with ?
a girl i met at the market .
you met a girl at the supermarket ?
she was standing behind me in a really slow line at the checkout counter .
what did you say to her ?
i had two pineapples in my cart , and she asked where i had found them .
she asked you about your pineapples ?
i told her i had gotten the last two on the shelf , but i offered her one of mine .
that was nice of you .
she asked me how she could return the favor , so i asked her out .
sometimes a slow line can be a good thing .
did you have a date friday night ?
yes , in fact , i did .
who did you go out with ?
a man i met in a coffee shop .
where did you go ?
we went to a nice restaurant .
anywhere else ?
then we went to a jazz club .
that sounds like a nice date .
yes , it was pleasant .
but you wo not date him again ?
no . he was nice , but there was no chemistry .
i had the worst date the other night .
what happened ?
first of all , he was half an hour late .
that is not a good start .
then he did not bother to apologize .
that is rude .
then he drove too fast to the restaurant .
that is dangerous .
i thought about getting out and taking a taxi home .
what happened at the restaurant ?
we had a $40 meal , and he left a $1 tip !
i guess you can not go back to that restaurant .
i do not like that man .
why not ?
he is a dirty old man .
what do you mean ?
he is old enough to be my father , yet he asked me out .
well , you can not blame a man for asking .
he should act his age .
but a lot of old people are still interested in dating .
they should find a nice hobby .
just wait until you are 50 years old .
dating will be the furthest thing from my mind .
that is what you say now . wait till you are 50 .
does your girlfriend ever make you angry ?
sometimes .
what does she do ?
just yesterday , i told her i would not trade her for all the money in the world .
that was a nice thing to say .
that is what i thought .
what did she say ?
she laughed ! she did not believe me .
that was not very nice of her .
she said that nothing is more important to me than money .
what did you say ?
i told her i would not trade her for any other woman in the world .
some people have good noses .
i wish i had a good nose . mine is way too big .
i do not mean good looking . i mean good smelling .
oh . but that can be a curse .
yes , because you can be too sensitive to odors .
i will say . my girlfriend has a nose like a drug dog .
did she catch you using drugs ?
sort of . she knows whenever i sneak a cigarette .
you do not need a good nose for that—cigarettes stink .
but when i sneak just one cigarette in the morning , she can smell it that evening !
boy , that is a good nose .
i told her she should apply for a job at customs .
let is go out to eat .
that sounds like fun .
where do you want to go ?
let me think a minute .
i feel like chinese .
that sounds delicious .
i know a good chinese restaurant .
how far away is it ?
it is only 10 minutes from here .
do we need reservations ?
oh , no . we can walk right in .
let is go now . i am hungry !
i can not believe how long this line is .
this is a popular restaurant , is not it ?
yes , but it is not a fast food restaurant , is it ?
it is the slowest hamburger in town .
that is because they cook it while you wait .
yes . that is why it is also the best hamburger in town .
a great burger and great service .
yes , the workers are very polite .
and they are clean .
i have been coming here for years .
me too .
excuse me . they just called my number .
lunch was delicious .
thank you .
what kind of soup was that ?
it was tomato soup .
that tasted so good .
i put lemon and butter in it .
the sandwich was good , too .
everyone likes bacon and tomato sandwiches .
especially on toast .
and the pickles were great , too .
tomorrow we will have rice and fish for lunch .
i can not wait .
i am calling the waiter .
what is the matter ?
this steak has too much fat .
what do you want the waiter to do ?
bring me a better steak .
i would not do that .
why not ?
they will drop the new steak on the floor , step on it , and then spit on it .
you are crazy .
then the waiter will give you a big smile as he brings you the new steak .
where do you get these crazy ideas ?
i used to cook in a restaurant !
let is leave .
but we just got here .
did you see the waiter is hands ?
no .
he had dirty fingernails .
really ?
his nails were black !
that is disgusting .
and he poured water into our glasses .
yuck ! no water for me .
i wonder if the cooks' nails are dirty , too .
who cares ? let is get out of here .
this hot bread is delicious .
i like this restaurant because they give you free bread .
well , i think we are paying for it .
no . look at the bill when we get it . there is no charge for the bread .
it is delicious , especially with butter .
i think we should just leave after we fill up on the bread .
they probably would not like that .
i am eating so much bread that i am getting full .
then stop eating the bread !
okay , just one more piece . pass the butter , please .
if i owned a restaurant , i would never serve hot bread before the main course .
that is terrible . i would never go to your restaurant .
is this a clean restaurant ?
well , the tables and chairs look okay .
okay , let is sit down .
check out the silverware .
it passes inspection .
here comes the waiter . see if his hands and nails are clean .
well , the waiter looked clean , so i guess it is okay to eat here .
you are forgetting about the bathroom .
i am going to just hope that the bathroom is clean .
you are not going to examine it before we order dinner ?
no , i had rather not find out that it is dirty , because i am pretty hungry right now .
me , too . let is forget about germs and focus on food .
have you seen our waiter ?
here he comes now .
we have been sitting here for almost 10 minutes .
oops , i guess i was wrong . that is not our waiter .
we can give him five more minutes , and then leave .
i will go up front and talk to the manager .
that is a good idea .
maybe they will give us free drinks for waiting so long .
maybe he will send us our waiter immediately .
every time we eat out , it is an adventure .
last time , we got seats next to the kitchen .
we will never go there again .
is this table okay ?
no , it is too close to the kitchen door .
how about this table ?
no , it is too close to the front door .
this looks like a nice table .
no , it is too close to the salad bar .
okay , i give up .
well , there is one good table .
great . which one ?
that one . a group of eight just sat down at it .
i do not believe the art world .
what is it this time ?
an andy warhol drawing .
he is a famous artist .
he drew two butterflies and a flower on a napkin in a restaurant .
did he sign it ?
yes .
is it beautiful ?
it is just black ink on a white napkin . and the napkin has food stains !
so it is not worth much ?
only about $30 ,000 .
without the food stains , it would probably be worth more .
can we go to the baseball game ?
of course .
i love baseball .
so do i .
i love to eat the peanuts .
i love to eat the hot dogs .
i hope we will see a home run .
i hope we will catch a foul ball .
bring a jacket .
yes . it gets a little cool at night .
bring a glove to catch a foul ball .
no . i will just use my cap to catch a foul ball .
golf is a silly game .
it certainly is .
you hit a white ball .
and then you chase it .
and then you hit it again .
finally , you put the ball into a hole in the ground .
you do this 18 times , because there are 18 holes .
what is the point ?
how can it be fun ?
they pay money to play this silly game !
i think golfers have a mental problem .
i think they are nuts .
do you want to go fishing ?
yes . that is a good idea .
where do you want to go ?
we can go to the river .
or we can go to the lake .
or we can go to the ocean .
let is go to the lake .
yes . the lake is only 10 miles away .
we can be there in 20 minutes .
i will get our fishing rods .
i will get the bait .
we will have fresh fish for dinner !
baseball is fun .
i like to hit the ball .
i like to run around the bases .
i like to slide into the bases .
yeah . it is a lot of fun to slide .
i want to be a baseball player when i grow up .
me too . i want to play for the yankees .
not me . i want to play for the dodgers .
we have to practice every day .
i do not like practice .
me neither . it is boring .
but practice makes perfect .
let is go jogging .
that is a good idea .
i bought some new shoes .
are they comfortable ?
they are very comfortable .
how much were they ?
they were on sale for $80 .
do they help you run faster ?
no , but my feet do not hurt anymore .
then they are worth every penny .
you might want to buy a pair .
i will wait until i wear this pair out .
tiger is the greatest golfer in the world .
you can say that again .
but i am worried about tiger .
why is that ?
because he likes to scuba dive .
what is wrong with that ?
it can be dangerous .
you mean he could drown .
he should not scuba dive until he retires .
but he dives to relax .
he might relax , but it makes me nervous .
if his wife does not mind , you should not mind .
did you watch that golf tournament ?
the one that tiger won ?
how did he do it ?
it was nothing for him .
he sank a 20 foot putt on the last hole to win by one stroke !
he sank a 25 footer last year at the same tournament to win by one stroke .
i think he is from outer space .
no human could possibly play golf that well .
whenever he needs a shot to win a tournament , he makes that shot .
no human can do that .
somebody should check his birth record .
i bet it says he was born on mars .
who is the greatest baseball player ?
there are so many great players .
yes , but who is the greatest ?
i had have to say babe ruth .
most people would say that .
he changed the game .
yes , he made the home run popular .
everybody loved him , all over the nation .
he helped make the yankees the best team ever .
and ruth was a good person , too .
he always visited hospitals to cheer up sick kids .
there will never be another babe .
did you hear what happened at the baseball game ?
no , please tell me .
someone punched out someone .
that is not nice .
it is worse than that .
how so ?
two guys got into an argument .
i will bet they were drinking .
a third guy punched one of the two guys .
i will bet he was drinking , too .
the victim hit his head on the concrete steps and died .
that is terrible . ca not people just have fun at a baseball game ?
i want to go to the ball game .
is there a game tonight ?
yes , it starts at 7 p .m .
can we get tickets ?
yes , but only the cheap tickets .
how much are they ?
they are only $5 each .
that is a good price .
yes , it is cheaper than a hot dog or a beer .
where are the seats ?
they are behind the outfield .
maybe we can catch a home run ball .
golf is so hard .
what is so hard about hitting a little white ball ?
it is hard if you want to do it right .
you mean like tiger ?
no , like a good amateur golfer .
what is so hard about golf ?
there are so many things you have to do right .
like what ?
like keep your left arm straight , keep your head down , and follow through .
yikes ! who can remember all that ?
you need to get a lot of lessons when you are really young .
forget it . golf sounds more like work than fun .
did you hear about the ball player ?
the home run hitter on drugs ?
he said a doctor helped him with a personal problem .
he said he was not using drugs .
he apologized to the fans .
the league suspended him for 50 games .
that will cost him some money .
yes , about $7 million .
that will teach him a good lesson .
he probably wo not use drugs anymore .
but it wo not stop other players from using drugs .
no . everyone always figures that they wo not get caught .
why is there so much crime ?
because parents do not teach their kids right from wrong .
is that it ?
also , there are not enough police .
but there are a lot of police .
there is only one police officer per 100 criminals .
ca not we hire more police ?
no . it costs too much money .
does not crime cost more than police ?
yes , it does .
so it would be cheaper to hire more police ?
yes , it would .
this is a great neighborhood .
yes , it is .
people are friendly .
yes , they are .
the streets and sidewalks are clean .
yes , they are .
there is a real nice park nearby .
yes , there is .
i feel safe here .
there is no crime here .
i wish i could move here .
maybe you can , if someone moves out .
the house burned down .
what happened ?
the man fell asleep .
was he smoking ?
yes , he was smoking a cigarette .
did he die ?
yes , he did . his cat died , too .
that is too bad . what about his smoke alarm ?
the battery was dead .
a good battery would have saved his life .
he had cigarettes , but no battery .
it happens all the time .
they say he has started fifteen big fires .
he is been in jail three times already .
why did they ever let him out ?
it is the law . they can not keep him in jail forever .
why not ? everyone knows he is a firebug . he loves to start fires .
i do not know . sometimes the law does not make sense .
but his latest fire killed someone .
this time they have charged him with murder .
so maybe he will go to jail forever ?
i sure hope so .
someone should set him on fire .
that would teach him a good lesson .
put your seatbelt on .
why ?
because it will protect you in case of an accident .
but it is uncomfortable .
it is the law .
it is so much trouble .
it is common sense .
it is so tight that it is hard for me to breathe .
hold your breath till we get there .
okay , my seatbelt is on .
i am glad you do not complain very much .
i am ready for an accident .
what are you doing ?
i am going to change the light bulb . it burnt out .
what are you standing on ?
a couple of dictionaries and some textbooks .
are you crazy ?
what is the matter ?
those books will slip and you will fall .
it is only a couple of feet .
what if you fall while you are holding the light bulb , and it breaks and pieces go into your eyes ?
i never thought about that .
you had be blind for the rest of your life !
i will get the stepladder .
did you see that puddle of water on the floor ?
yes . i called for a clean up .
a puddle of water is very dangerous .
it is not easy to see .
but it is real easy to slip on .
especially on these slick floors .
someone who slips could hurt their back .
they could even crack their head open .
we should stand here till the clean up person gets here .
we can leave if we put an orange cone here .
yes , but i do not know where the orange cones are .
it does not matter . here he comes now with the mop .
what happens when the fire alarm rings ?
we tell our students to leave the classroom .
can they take their belongings ?
yes , if they do it quickly .
where do the students go ?
they go out to the north parking lot .
what do the teachers do ?
we take our rosters to the parking lot and take roll .
why do you do that ?
we want to make sure all the students are out of the building .
if they are all outside , then what ?
then we just wait outside for a fireman to tell us to go back in .
i have to go back upstairs .
why ? we are already late .
i have to check the stove .
what is the matter ?
maybe i left the burner on .
no , you did not . i checked the stove before we left .
are you sure ?
of course i am sure .
well , i have to go back upstairs anyway .
it is getting later every minute .
i think i left the water running .
no , you did not . let is go ! the only thing running is the clock !
the city is buying guns .
what are they paying ?
up to $200 for each gun , no questions asked .
why are they doing this ?
they want to get guns off the street .
who would turn in a gun for $200 ?
that is not a good deal ?
a good gun costs $400 or more .
well , if you bring your receipt , maybe they will give you $400 .
i will keep my receipt and my gun .
i did not know you had a gun .
everyone in america should have a gun .
you are yawning .
i sure am .
you should go to bed .
i will as soon as i finish this article .
what are you reading ?
it is about crime in los angeles .
what does it say ?
the mayor says the crime rate is going down .
then why does everyone lock their doors ?
i guess they have not read this article .
no one believes that the crime rate is going down .
maybe the mayor is just talking about his own neighborhood .
people who live in california are crazy .
why is that ?
because of all the earthquakes and fires .
but big earthquakes happen only once in a while .
once in a while is once too many .
but you are right . there are a lot of fires .
a recent fire destroyed 85 homes .
still , it is safer than florida .
florida does not have earthquakes or fires .
no , florida just has hurricanes every year from june to october .
but most of those hurricanes are harmless .
excuse me . hurricane andrew destroyed 30 ,000 homes !
i went to hawaii on vacation .
did you like it ?
i loved it . i want to live there .
what did you like ?
the island is so green , and the water is so blue .
did you go swimming ?
i went to the beach every day .
how was the weather ?
it was hot and sunny every day .
what did you do at night ?
at night i went out to eat . the food was delicious .
people who live in hawaii are lucky .
i like this hotel .
what do you like about it ?
we get a free breakfast .
coffee and a roll ?
no , a real breakfast .
bacon and eggs ?
with toast , ham , sausage , fresh fruit , and juice .
wow ! that is nice . let is stay for two nights .
and the rooms are clean , too .
do they allow pets ?
no pets , no smoking .
i like that . let is stay three nights .
i am not sleeping here tonight .
what is the matter ? this is a nice room .
maybe the room is nice , but not the bed .
what is wrong with the bed ?
look at this sheet .
yes ?
see those stains ?
i sure do .
i am not sleeping on that sheet .
well , just call the front desk . they will give us new sheets .
i want sheets without stains on them .
from now on , let is bring our own sheets .
what time does your plane leave ?
it leaves at 12 :15 .
when do you have to be at the airport ?
i have to be there two hours early .
so we have to be at the airport at 10 :15 .
that means we have to leave the house at 9 :15 .
well , it is an hour to get there , if there are no traffic problems .
so maybe we better leave at 8 :15 ?
yes , it is better to get there too early than too late .
i agree .
you never know what might happen on these freeways .
there is at least one huge accident every day .
i need to fly to new york .
when are you going ?
during the christmas holidays .
you had better buy your ticket now .
you must be kidding .
no , i am not . it is march . time is running out . seats are selling out right now .
i thought i would wait until october .
i will bet this is the first time you have ever flown during christmas .
you are right .
well , listen to me . you need to buy a ticket now .
but maybe prices will be cheaper in october .
cheaper prices wo not do you any good if there are no seats .
i hate flying .
so do i .
a long time ago , flying used to be okay .
now it is like riding a bus .
you are jammed in with people all around you .
half of them are coughing , and the other half are sneezing .
you do not have any elbow room or knee room .
people are always getting up to use the bathroom .
kids are crying or climbing over you .
it is a flying zoo !
i wish i could afford first class seats .
does not everybody ?
some guy rowed across the atlantic ocean .
good for him .
why would he do that ?
did he set a new record ?
yes , i think he did .
well , i guess that is why he did it .
what is the point ?
now he has the world record !
but someone is going to break it , so what good is it ?
well , he can enjoy it while it lasts .
i do not think he even got paid for it .
some people do it just to do it .
i want to go on a cruise ship .
that sounds like fun . where do you want to go ?
i want to cruise to hawaii .
that should be a nice trip . lots of fun , and lots of food .
i have no idea how much it will cost .
i think it depends on the season and on your cabin .
well , of course i want to go when the weather is nice .
yes , you do not want to travel in winter storms .
and i want to get a big cabin with a view .
are you going to travel alone ?
no , my sister and i will travel together .
well , you should go online and try to find a good deal .
i hate to fly .
because of all the security ?
no , because it hurts my ears .
what do you mean ?
every time we land or take off , my ears hurt so much .
that is just the altitude change , i think .
whatever it is , it hurts .
ca not you take medicine or something for it ?
i have tried everything , but nothing works .
have you tried earplugs ?
they do not work , either .
well , be glad you are not a pilot .
spring break starts tomorrow .
are you going to go anywhere ?
i was thinking of driving to arizona .
to the grand canyon ?
yes . i have never been there .
i was there when i was a kid .
how did you like it ?
i loved it . i still remember how amazing it was .
i am sure i will like it , too .
you should try riding a mule on a trail to the bottom .
no way ! i do not want to fall to my death .
do not worry . only one person has ever fallen off a mule .
that hotel was terrible .
the worst in the whole world .
the walls were so thin .
all day long we heard tvs or telephones .
all night long we heard people snoring .
housekeeping did not give us fresh towels .
room service brought us a cold dinner .
our nonsmoking room stunk of cigarette smoke .
our room was right next to the elevator and the ice machine .
they added phony charges to our bill .
how did we end up in that terrible hotel ?
the travel agent gave us a 50 percent discount !
i have to hang up . i am so sleepy .
it is not even 10 o'clock .
i am falling asleep on the phone .
you got up real early .
i had to take my friend to the airport .
why did not you take a nap when you got home ?
i did not get home until 30 minutes ago .
why is that ?
there was a bomb threat at the airport .
only a threat ?
yes , but i was stuck there all day while they looked for the bomb .
someday the bomb is going to be for real .
my dad went to washington , d .c .
why did he do that ?
he was invited , along with about 90 other veterans .
who invited them ?
some private organization .
why did they invite him ?
to thank him and all the other soldiers who served in world war ii .
that is very nice .
my dad got to see the beautiful new world war ii monument .
that trip must have cost a lot of money .
that was a great trip to washington , d .c .
tell me about it , dad .
about 90 of us world war ii veterans got on the plane at 8 a .m .
how long was the flight ?
it only took about two hours .
did you take pictures at the world war ii monument ?
oh , yes . we all took lots of pictures .
then you flew back home that evening ?
yes . when we landed , tv reporters and the army band were there .
that must have made you feel really special .
oh , it did . there were about 300 people there to honor us .
well , you all deserve it . you helped save our country .
i need a job .
i thought you had a job .
i did .
what happened ?
i got laid off .
that is terrible ! when did it happen ?
i got laid off last week .
just you ?
no , ten of my coworkers got laid off , too .
what are you going to do ?
i am looking in the newspaper for a job .
good luck !
before you go to that interview , check yourself .
what is to check ?
are your nails clean ?
yes , they are .
did you double check your nose and teeth ?
they are clean , too .
did you shine your shoes ?
my shoes are shined .
do your socks match ?
of course they match .
no , they do not . one is black and one is dark blue .
thank you .
life is hard .
it sure is .
i thought school was hard .
me , too . i could not wait to graduate .
but now work is hard , too .
i agree . work is just as hard as school .
sometimes i wish i was back in school .
me , too . school was fun .
and it was only 12 years .
it went by pretty fast .
but work goes on forever !
we have to work for 30 years !
i am sleepy .
so am i .
i had a long day .
so did i .
i did not even have lunch .
neither did i .
i was busy the whole day .
so was i .
i had to bring work home with me .
i did too .
your day was just like mine .
of course it was . we work together !
i do not like my job .
what do you do ?
i am a babysitter .
is that a lot of work ?
babies cry all the time .
you have to change their diapers .
i have to feed them .
are you looking for another job ?
no , i am looking for another family .
another family ?
a family with only one baby .
that is a good idea .
i need a job .
what was your last job ?
i was a painter .
what happened ?
i got laid off because there was no work .
what else can you do ?
i am a handyman .
can you fix a dripping faucet in a kitchen sink ?
of course .
then i have a job for you in my kitchen .
it will cost you only $20 plus parts .
okay . that sounds like a fair price .
what would you do if you lost your job ?
i have no idea . i have been here for 20 years .
do you have any other skills ?
well , i know how to flip hamburgers .
no one would hire you to flip hamburgers .
have you heard something that you are not telling me ?
what do you mean ?
are there going to be layoffs at this place ?
i certainly hope not !
if you got laid off , you had be flipping hamburgers , too .
oh great , we could both work at burger king .
maybe we had get laid off there , too .
do your students ever talk about their jobs ?
yes , and they ask me what jobs are the best .
i tell my students to become a teacher .
teaching is a great job .
it is the best job i have ever had .
what makes it so good ?
for me , it is the students .
what do you mean ?
i mean i have wonderful students .
that must be nice .
teaching is the best part of my whole day .
you are a lucky man to have a job you love .
boy , i am glad that job is finished .
how long did it take ?
four hours , without a break .
it is always nice to finish a job .
well , it is good and bad .
what is bad about it ?
when you finish , all you do is start another job !
yes , that is right . it does get boring .
especially if it is the same work , over and over .
but that is what most people do .
yes , i guess most of us are stuck in a routine .
i wonder if there is any job that you do not repeat over and over .
i think i have the worst boss in the world .
what makes him so bad ?
he is rude and he yells a lot .
that is hard to take .
i have never heard him say please or thank you .
he sounds like a real jerk .
no one at work likes him .
ca not you report him to his supervisor ?
of course not . if i do that , i will lose my job .
yes , they do not like troublemakers or complainers .
i can not quit , because i am making a good salary .
you should not choose money over happiness .
what are we going to do ?
about what ?
about finding a job for me .
you do not need a job . i make enough money for both of us .
that does not matter . i do not want to sit around .
okay , what kind of job do you want ?
i am not sure .
well , you should do something that you enjoy .
i enjoy selling . i was born to sell .
okay , what do you want to sell ?
cigarette lighters . i will make a fortune .
but you hate cigarettes and you hate smoking !
a new hotel is looking for workers .
yes , i saw it on the tv news .
they need 300 new workers .
and 4 ,000 people showed up .
so many people are out of work .
i still have my job , thank goodness .
so do i , but i am worried .
me too . there are no guarantees .
if you lose your job , you can move in with me .
oh , thank you . that is very nice of you .
you would do the same for me .
of course . what are friends for ?
i think i did something real stupid .
what did you do ?
i bought some stock .
everybody buys stock .
i bought it on a hunch .
you did not read about the company first ?
i did not have to . it is been in business for 60 years .
so what is the problem ?
i used all my savings on this one company .
you put all your eggs into one basket .
if the company goes out of business , i will have nothing .
oh , you will have something—you will have a lesson you will never forget !
i was going to be a doctor .
what happened to your plans ?
i got a d in college chemistry .
well , a d is better than an f .
a tutor helped me get the d !
so , you did not become a doctor .
and now i am glad that i did not .
why is that ?
a hospital is the most dangerous place in the world .
oh , yes , because of all the killer germs .
if you are a smart doctor , you stay away from hospitals .
yes , the smart doctors are those tv news doctors—no hospitals , no patients .
i want to be a mail carrier when i grow up .
why ?
because you get to meet a lot of people .
you sure do .
and you get a lot of exercise every day .
that is the truth .
and you get to play with a lot of dogs .
well , you are supposed to be working .
yes , but i will always pet the friendly dogs .
what about the unfriendly dogs ?
i think if you are friendly to dogs , they are friendly to you .
dogs are like people , not all of them are friendly .
i want to move to new york .
to the state or the city ?
to the city , of course .
why do you want to move there ?
because i want to make a lot of money .
there are a lot of poor people in new york .
there sure are—at least a million .
so how do you plan to become rich ?
i will knock on the doors of all the corporations .
that wo not make you rich . nobody will talk to you .
i will keep knocking on doors .
all you will get is sore knuckles .
i love salads .
me too .
i usually eat a simple salad .
what do you put in it ?
just lettuce , tomato , and celery .
that is it ?
i add some pepper and salt .
i always put cheese in my salads .
yes , cheese is nice .
what kind of dressing do you use ?
i pour lots of french dressing on top .
me too . french dressing is so delicious ! who cares about calories ?
i love cheese .
me too .
where does cheese come from ?
it comes from cows .
so we get cheese from cows , and we get milk , too ?
yes , we do .
what else do we get from cows ?
we get hamburgers and steak .
oh , that is so delicious .
we also get leather .
we get a lot of things from cows , do not we ?
yes . a cow is man is best friend .
i used to work in a deli .
how did you like it ?
i loved it !
did you get free food ?
i ate free cheese and meat every day .
that sounds like a great job .
whatever a customer ordered , i sliced off a little more for me .
did you get fat ?
no , but i did put on a few pounds .
that sounds like a dream job .
it was , until one day my manager caught me .
no more free cheese for you , huh ?
i am on a new diet .
what are you eating now ?
i switched from pasta to potatoes .
why did you do that ?
pasta is processed food . potatoes are natural food .
natural food has more vitamins .
and it is just as easy to prepare .
how do you prepare the potatoes ?
i wash them , and then steam them for 15 minutes .
that is pretty simple .
then i add butter , salt , and pepper .
can i have all those cans of tomato sauce you bought for your pasta ?
my girlfriend is mom got mad at me at the dinner table .
why was that ?
i sprinkled salt and pepper on the food before i tasted it .
what is the matter with that ?
her mom is a great cook .
so , a little salt and pepper never hurt anything .
it hurt her feelings .
oh .
i apologized to her , but i could tell she was still upset .
maybe you should not eat there again .
i am sure everything will be okay in a day or two .
it is your girlfriend is fault . she should have warned you .
i eat the same thing every day .
you are kidding .
no , i am serious .
does not that get old ?
no , because i am eating food that i like .
but the same thing day after day gets old .
well , i guess if it ever does get old , i will change to something different .
do you eat fruits and vegetables every day ?
no , i hate vegetables .
but you eat fruits .
i eat two apples , one banana , and one orange every day .
well , there is nothing wrong with that .
there is something wrong with my orange .
what is wrong ?
it is not orange !
your orange is not orange ?
no , it is dark pink !
are you sure ? i never heard of such a thing .
i just peeled it , and i am looking at it right now .
let me see . yes , you are right . your orange is pink .
who ever heard of such a thing ?
oh , look . here is the little sticker that was on it . it is called a pink navel .
what is this world coming to ?
who knows ? maybe soon we will have pink bananas .
i love peanuts .
me , too . i love them roasted and salted .
i love boiled peanuts .
boiled ? i never heard of that .
just boil raw peanuts in salt water until the shells are soft .
i will have to try them sometime .
they are best when they are hot .
my brother is allergic to peanuts .
that is not good .
no , it is not . he almost died when he was little .
i guess he has to be very careful about what he eats .
he has a very strict diet .
i am gaining weight .
how much have you gained ?
three pounds just this month .
do you know why ?
i think it is the ice cream .
you started eating ice cream ?
it was on sale .
how much did you buy ?
i filled up my freezer with ice cream .
well , it wo not last forever .
no , i figure i will finish it all by next week .
then you can start losing weight , if there is not another sale .
i am stuffed .
of course you are . you ate everything on the table .
i do not like to eat leftovers .
i am glad to hear there is something you do not like to eat .
i like my food hot and fresh .
you like to see it disappear .
i do not like it reheated .
well , you will have hot fresh food tomorrow night .
i am so full i am going to burst .
you should loosen your belt .
i already loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants .
well , do not stand up , please .
i saw what you did .
i did not do anything .
oh yes , you did .
what are you talking about ?
you know what i am talking about .
i do not have any idea .
you know what you did .
maybe i know , but how could you know ?
because i was watching you .
okay , i am sorry i did it .
do not drink milk out of the carton . use a glass !
i promise i will never drink out of the carton again .
i like that shirt .
so do i .
how much is it ?
i do not know . the tag is missing .
ask the clerk .
i will .
oh , look . here is another shirt just like it .
does it have a price tag ?
yes , it does . it is only $20 .
that is a great price .
i think i will buy both of them .
you had better try them on first .
i bought you a pair of pants .
thank you .
i hope they fit .
i hope you kept the receipt .
you think they wo not fit ?
i think i have put on some weight .
you think ?
maybe a pound or two .
maybe four or five pounds ?
my waist is bigger than it was .
no problem . these pants have an elastic waistband .
you are so smart !
what do we need to buy ?
let me look at our list .
i know that we need milk .
nonfat .
of course . what else ?
we need cheese , bread , and ham .
what kind of cheese ?
swiss .
of course , the cheese with holes in it .
i never used to buy swiss cheese .
why not ?
i did not want to pay for the holes .
i need some pants .
i thought you just bought a pair .
i did .
what is wrong with them so soon ?
the pants are fine , but the pocket has a huge hole in it .
you should not carry your keys and pens in your pocket .
but that is what pockets are for .
you should carry them in a purse .
i am a man , and men do not carry purses !
well , you should buy pants with stronger pockets .
i would if i could find someone who makes strong pockets .
try a google search online .
what are those wipes for ?
you use them to wipe the handle of the shopping cart .
that is a great idea .
yes , all the markets just started offering wipes to shoppers .
i am going to take five wipes .
what do you need five of them for ?
one to wipe the handle , and the others to wipe the produce .
what is the matter with the produce ?
do you think the bananas fell from the sky ?
what do you mean ?
i mean , someone used their dirty hands to pick the bananas , the apples , and the oranges .
well , you better save a wipe for the dirty dollar bills you are going to pay with .
did you go to the 99 cents store ?
yes , i did .
what did you buy ?
well , i got a lot of good deals , as usual .
like what ?
well , a dozen large eggs were only 99 cents .
that is a good deal .
and a one pound tub of soft butter was the same price .
another good deal .
but the best deal was five pounds of potatoes for 99 cents .
i do not know how that store makes money .
neither do i , but they are doing something right .
i need a new computer .
what is the matter with yours ?
it is six years old .
that is pretty old .
it still works , but i am going to give it to a charity .
are you going to buy a desktop or laptop ?
oh , a laptop , of course .
a pc or a mac ?
i have not decided yet .
more and more people are using macs .
but 90 percent of the world uses pcs .
and that is not going to change anytime soon .
i got ripped off .
what happened ?
i had a car problem , so i went online .
did you find a solution ?
yes , i did . a site i went to said they would send me the solution .
so , what is the problem ?
i sent them $20 using my credit card , but they never sent me the solution .
what are you going to do ?
i sent them an email asking for my money back .
have you heard from them ?
not yet . it is been a week .
well , i guess that is a $20 lesson for you .
where is the pencil sharpener ?
which one ?
any one . i need to sharpen this pencil .
i think there is one on the dining room table .
i already looked there .
did you look in the desk drawer ?
yes , i looked there , too .
do not we have about five sharpeners ?
yes , but they seem to have legs .
tomorrow i am going to buy an electric sharpener .
get one with the rubber suction cups on the bottom .
yes . that way it will stay where i put it .
i am trying to stretch my dollars .
how are you doing that ?
i started shopping at the dollar store .
that saves a lot of money .
i bought three pounds of potatoes for a dollar .
that is a good deal .
yes , even though some of the potatoes had eyes .
just put them in the fridge .
also , i bought a can of cheap coffee and a bag of good coffee .
why did you do that ?
i mixed them together .
if the coffee still tastes okay , that is a good idea .
i really like this house .
can we afford it ?
they want 20 percent down .
that is a lot of money .
but the house is so nice .
it is in a great neighborhood .
it is close to the beach .
it is close to the freeways .
it is got a big yard .
the kids love the house , too .
if we do not buy it , someone else will .
you are right . let is buy it now . we can worry later .
we can not afford this house .
are you sure ?
we will be house rich , but cash poor .
what do you mean ?
our monthly payments will be too high .
we wo not have any money for other things ?
no , we wo not have money for gas or food .
we will be eating peanut butter sandwiches ?
without the peanut butter !
that is no good !
we have to find a cheaper house .
of course . we can not live without gas or peanut butter .
that is a beautiful house .
i do not like it .
what is the matter with it ?
it is on the corner .
so ?
that means it gets twice as much traffic .
you are right .
when you are inside , you will always hear cars stopping and stopping at the intersection .
or you will hear the collision if someone does not stop .
or you will see the collision if they crash into the house .
let is find a house that is at the end of a dead end .
that is perfect . the less traffic , the better .
i hate looking for an apartment .
me , too .
we have a 2 o'clock appointment to see the one on main street .
we had better get ready to go .
it is an upstairs unit .
that is good , because i do not want to live under people with loud feet .
and it is a corner unit .
that is great . we wo not have neighbors on both sides of us .
no pets are allowed .
perfect . we do not have to listen to barking dogs .
and there are only six units in the whole building .
where is the checkbook ? i am ready to rent it without even seeing it .
did you call the manager ?
yes . he said he had come over tomorrow .
did he say what time ?
yes . he said he had be here at 9 o'clock .
did he understand what the problem is ?
yes . i told him our doorbell does not work .
it should not take him long to fix it .
i do not even know why we need to fix it .
in case we have visitors .
but they can just knock on the door .
actually , i want him to look at our carpet , too .
yes , it would be nice if he had give us a new carpet .
do you like this house ?
yes , it is beautiful .
it is perfect for us and the kids .
three bedrooms , three bathrooms , and a big back yard .
and we can afford it !
so are we going to buy it ?
i am afraid not .
it is too far from your job , is not it ?
i can not spend four hours on the road every day .
by the time you get home , you will be too tired to even eat .
i wo not be able to play with the kids .
no , we have to find something closer to your job .
boy , it is chilly outside , is not it ?
it sure is .
in fact , it is chilly in the apartment , too .
let is turn on the heat .
i will check to make sure that all the windows are shut .
it should be warmer in a few minutes .
it is so nice to have a heated apartment .
how did they survive in the old days ?
they had fireplaces .
someone had to chop the wood .
and carry it into the house .
all we have to do is flip a switch .
this is a nice neighborhood .
the streets are clean and quiet .
the neighbors do not party on the weekends .
people take care of their lawns .
no rusty old cars are sitting in the front yards .
we never have to call the police about anything .
our kids are completely safe .
so why are we selling our house ?
they are building a 3 story apartment building on the corner .
so we have got to sell before property values go down ?
yes . i still can not believe our city council allowed this building .
they are probably getting something under the table .
that was a huge fire in santa barbara .
yes , it was .
they said about 30 houses burned to the ground .
and they were expensive houses .
i feel so sorry for those people .
why feel sorry for rich people ?
i feel sorry for anyone who loses their home .
so do i , but not if they are rich .
what does that have to do with it ?
rich people think they are better than us .
how many rich people do you know ?
none .
bears are invading our neighborhoods .
of course they are . they are starving to death .
they should stay in the woods where they belong .
there is no food in the woods .
ca not they eat grass ?
do you think a bear is a cow ?
well , i have seen them eating berries .
berries are not in season all year round .
it is too dangerous for kids and pets .
people need to cover their trash cans .
the police need to shoot all the bears .
you do not solve a problem by shooting it .
who did you vote for ?
i voted for obama .
me too .
he will be a great president .
everyone likes him .
he is a good speaker .
and he is really smart .
he will solve our problems .
he will end the war .
the next four years will be good years .
i will vote for him next time , too .
i think everyone will .
the election is next week .
who are you voting for ?
i am not voting for the mayor .
why not ?
he made promises that he did not keep .
like what ?
he promised to hire 1 ,000 more police officers .
how many did he hire ?
one hundred !
maybe he had a good reason .
maybe he is just a liar .
maybe i will vote for someone else , too .
i can not believe he won the election .
only 15 percent of the voters turned out .
that is a joke .
voting is so important , but people do not bother .
many people think their vote does not matter .
the mayor won by only 2 ,000 votes .
we are stuck with him for four more years .
voting is so easy . you can even mail your ballot in .
all you have to do is vote and put a stamp on it .
how easy is that ?
i guess people just do not care .
they will care when they see their taxes go up .
well , we have a new president .
but we have the same old problems .
well , he is made a few changes .
like what ?
i think he closed the bowling alley in the white house .
oh , yeah . he is changing it to a basketball court .
who is paying for that ?
i think we are !
well , that is okay , as long as it helps him relax and think more clearly .
yes , we need a relaxed president who thinks clearly .
do any other world leaders have a basketball court ?
they will . you know america always leads the way .
people say that everybody loves obama .
well , more than 50 million people voted for mccain .
that is 50 million people who do not love obama .
obama is got four years to make everyone happy .
he is never going to make everyone happy .
can you imagine being president ?
everyone wants you to solve their problems .
i have enough stress from trying to solve my own problems .
you and everybody else .
i would never want to be president .
but think about all the power you had have .
i prefer my quiet little life to all the power in the world .
did you read this article ?
what article ?
it says the mayor spends only 11 percent of his time on city duties .
only 11 percent ?
about 50 percent of the time he is traveling .
where does he travel to ?
oh , all over the world .
but he is supposed to be making our city a better place .
he is visiting other cities to get ideas .
ca not he just go online ?
the rest of the time he is raising money for his reelection .
well , he will never get reelected once this news gets out .
who did you vote for for president ?
i voted for ralph nader .
who in the world is ralph nader ?
he is the best man for president .
why is that ?
he hates corporations .
well , most corporations do think only about money .
he hates democrats and republicans .
well , they do put their party before their country .
he is the only candidate that i trust .
but he did not have a chance . nobody voted for him !
sooner or later , voters will wake up .
i do not know why i bother to vote .
why is that ?
what good does it do ?
you get to put someone in power that you like .
only if my candidate wins .
well , he can not win unless you and others vote for him .
but even if my candidate wins , he will break his promises .
that is true . they promise anything just so they get elected .
and when elected , they go their own way .
they forget who put them in power .
they forget where they came from .
maybe you should run for office .
that election for u .s . senator stunk .
what do you mean ?
there were more votes than voters !
but that is impossible .
officials said that it is possible .
did they explain how it is possible ?
no . they said there are some things you can not explain .
so are they going to hold another election ?
no . that will cost too much money .
so it is better to save money than to have an honest election ?
well , the democratic party says it was an honest election .
of course they say that—their man won !
i see that former president bush is at a conference .
yes . he is telling jokes about his eight years as president .
yes , those eight years were a lot of fun for everyone .
only 4 ,000 american soldiers were killed overseas .
not to mention 40 ,000 wounded soldiers .
but bush visited some of them in the hospital once .
that is nice that he found the time to make a visit .
he spoke to them and made them feel better .
did he speak to every family that lost a soldier ?
no , he did not have time to do that .
well , he is got plenty of time now !
no , he is too busy writing a book about how hard it was to be president .
did you get your official sample ballot ?
yes , with the voter instructions .
how are you going to vote ?
same as ever , by mail . all it costs me is a 42 cent stamp .
i meant , are you going to vote for or against the new taxes ?
against all of them , of course .
but we need new taxes to pay for highways , schools , and prisons .
we have already voted for new taxes to pay for all that stuff !
that is true . where did that money go ?
our legislators spent it on first class travel all over the world .
they are having a good time with our money .
so when are we going to stop giving them more ?
have you decided how you are going to vote ?
do you mean on measures 1 , 2 , and 3 ?
yes . the ones that will improve our schools , roads , and hospitals .
you mean the measures that will raise our taxes .
but the tv ads say that our taxes will not increase .
do you believe the tv ads ?
i like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote yes .
do not believe him ! whatever the tv ads tell you , the opposite is true .
but the title of measure 1 is better schools at no cost .
the title should be better schools at huge cost .
i can not believe that they would lie to us .
of course they lie—that is what politicians do !
i have a stomachache .
is it something you ate ?
maybe . i am not sure .
what did you have for breakfast ?
the usual , cereal with milk and a banana .
maybe the milk was bad .
it did not smell bad .
maybe the banana was bad .
no , the banana was delicious .
maybe you just need to go to the bathroom .
no , that is not the problem .
maybe it will go away in a little while .
what is this stain ?
i do not know .
it looks like blood .
i think my nose was bleeding .
you should wet your shirt immediately .
why ?
because that gets the blood out of the shirt .
what is a little blood ?
your white shirt is ruined .
so , i will just buy another one .
you can wear this one around the house .
next time i will soak it immediately .
my fingers hurt .
why do they hurt ?
i type too much .
you should take a break .
i need to type to make money .
but typing is causing you pain .
maybe i should see a doctor .
doctors are too expensive .
he might tell me to rest for a while .
he might want to cut you open .
he might say i am okay .
he might say you have bone cancer .
what did the doctor say ?
he thinks i have too much stress .
stress causes your stomachaches ?
stress causes different problems with different people .
so what did he tell you to do ?
he said i need to think positive .
he did not give you any medication ?
i hate medication . it makes me feel different .
so how do you think positive ?
i think about nice things .
like what ?
like a day at the beach , with my toes in the sand .
i cut my finger .
how did you do that ?
it is a paper cut .
paper can be dangerous .
it hurts , too .
paper cuts can hurt a lot .
where are the band aids ?
i think they are in the medicine cabinet .
it is on the tip of my finger .
a band aid might not work .
i must not use this finger until the cut heals .
it might take a day or two to heal .
do you smell that ?
oh , yes .
i can not stand cigarette smoke .
it smells so bad .
one cigarette stinks up the whole sidewalk .
smokers think they are so cool .
they are so weak .
a little cigarette controls them .
they look so stupid taking a puff .
and then they blow smoke out of their mouth .
they think it is cool .
cigarettes stink .
do you have a cold ?
yes , i do .
how did you get it ?
my sister had a cold . she gave it to me .
have you taken anything for your cold ?
no , i just blow my nose a lot .
your nose is stopped up ?
yes . i have to breathe through my mouth .
have you tried nose drops ?
no , i do not like nose drops .
they work great .
i do not care . i do not like to put drops in my nose .
would you put suntan lotion on my back , please ?
sure .
thank you .
you should not lie in the sun for too long .
i want to get a tan . i do not want to look so pale .
what is wrong with looking pale ?
people think you might be sick .
who thinks that ?
i do not know .
it is better to be pale than to have skin cancer .
i know that .
so why are you arguing with me ? do not lie in the sun too long !
i can not quit smoking .
of course you can .
i do not have enough will power .
of course you do .
i wish i had never started .
so does every smoker .
i have tried to quit so many times .
so has everyone else .
nothing seems to work .
all it takes is will power , and you have it .
then why can not i quit ?
you have to believe in yourself .
my back is killing me .
what did you do ?
i got out of my car .
that is it ?
i injured my back one time just by sneezing .
you should see a doctor .
my doctor said i need surgery .
so ?
so , forget it .
you do not have the money ?
i have no insurance .
maybe a back rub would help .
my brother smokes three packs a day .
three packs of what ?
cigarettes , of course .
how can he do that ?
when he is almost finished with one cigarette , he uses it to light another .
he is a chain smoker .
he is been a chain smoker for 30 years .
that is unbelievable . can he still breathe ?
he can , but the people around him can not .
how can he still be alive ?
his doctor says his heart and lungs are strong and healthy .
maybe i should start smoking .
i hate brushing my teeth .
it is such a chore .
brush , brush . spit , spit .
what did they do in the old days ?
they brushed with their fingers .
they also ate with their fingers !
why do they call it the good old days ?
maybe because they did not have to brush and floss .
who invented flossing ?
a dentist , i am sure .
i hate flossing more than brushing !
i can not wait till all my teeth fall out .
let is stop for a while . i need a break and some water .
this trail is hard to climb .
especially on a hot day like this .
i can not believe we have not seen any animals .
thank goodness ! i do not want to see any wild animals .
all we have seen so far is a couple of lizards .
we are hiking to lose weight , not to see goats and bears .
i bet i have lost a couple of pounds already .
all you have lost is some sweat .
i have not even lost one pound of fat ?
if you want to lose fat , you have got to do this hike every day .
okay , but let is hike in town . at least there are cats and dogs to see .
oh no , another pimple on my face .
pimples suck .
it seems like i get a new pimple almost every day .
maybe it is something in your diet .
no , i eat the same things day after day .
then maybe it is in your genes .
you might be right .
do pimples run in your family ?
not that i have noticed .
well , maybe it is from the pollution in the air .
whatever the cause , i hate seeing them on my face .
well , on the bright side , they are fun to pop .
do you believe everything you hear ?
i do not believe anything i do not see with my own eyes .
you can not believe what you hear on tv or radio .
you can not believe what you read in the newspapers .
everyone tells you a different story about the same thing .
three different people will give you three different stories .
and the government will give you a fourth story .
yes , like the government says not to worry about the swine flu .
but the swine flu just killed 20 people in mexico .
the government says we have nothing to worry about .
then why are some schools telling the kids to stay home ?
the government says to wash our hands frequently , and we will all be okay .
do not pick your nose .
i was not picking my nose .
what were you doing ?
i was scratching my nose .
i think i know the difference between picking and scratching .
okay , mom , maybe i was picking it a little bit .
use a tissue next time .
i did not have a tissue .
then wait till you find a tissue .
i could not wait . it was an emergency .
oh , really ? maybe you should have called 911 .
it was not that kind of emergency .
our tv remote is filthy .
yes , it is covered with crud .
i am going to clean it .
do not use water on it !
i will use a damp cloth .
do not let water get into any of the cracks .
i will squeeze the cloth so it is almost dry .
do not rub the numbers off the remote .
i will rub gently but firmly .
do it quickly , please , so i can change channels during commercials .
i will give it back to you in a couple of minutes .
maybe we should put it in a plastic bag to keep it clean .
my ear is killing me .
what is the matter ?
i was on a plane .
so ?
so , every time the plane goes up , my ear starts to hurt .
that is no good .
sometimes the pain goes away , and sometimes it does not .
have you seen a doctor ?
i have been to two doctors .
and they could not fix your problem ?
they both said i have to live with it .
or you can stay off planes .
did you see the woman with the new face ?
did she get a nice job ?
she got an  everything  job !
what do you mean ?
a team of doctors gave her a whole new face .
why did they do that ?
a mad dog bit most of her face off .
oh , that is terrible . what does she look like now ?
her face is really fat , but they say the swelling will go down .
and then will she look normal again ?
i guess so .
god bless modern medicine .
there is something wrong with my right hand .
what is wrong with it ?
it aches most of the time .
what do you think it is ?
i do not know . i think it is old age .
if it is old age , why do not both of your hands hurt ?
that is a good question . maybe it is not old age .
are you right handed ?
yes . all my life .
you are wearing out your right hand . stop using it so much .
but i do all my writing with my right hand .
start typing instead . that way your left hand will do half the work .	
hello , tom speaking .
hi tom , this is mary . is your brother in ?
no , he is at the cinema . can i take a message ?
yes , could you tell him to call me back , please ?
sure .
thanks . bye .
bye .	
good morning . robert smith speaking .
good morning . this is gerhard maier . i would like to speak to mr . brown .
oh , sorry . mr . brown is not here , yet .
can you tell me when he will be in ?
probably around 4 pm .
alright , i will call again later then . thank you .
you are welcome . bye .
bye .	
who is speaking , please ?
who would you like to speak to ?
what number did you dial ?
oh sorry , i think i have dialled the wrong number .
can i speak to the assistant , please ?
in which class are you studying ?
i am in eighth standard . what about you ?
i am in ninth standard .
do you come to school by bus ?
i travel by bus . i have to catch route no . 24 bus .
it has passed on just 15 minutes before .
there is another bus at 4 .45 p .m .
who is he leaning on the iron pole ?
he is a beggar . he is a trouble to the passengers .
he seems to be blind .
we must help the blind people . 
why are you late today ?
i came on foot . i have an injury in my leg .
yesterday also you came late .
we were held up in traffic jam . i will not excuse you hereafter .
how many marks did you score ?
i scored 6 sir .
then you are careless in learning it .
i shall try to improve , sir .
good morning sir . my friend has given a leave letter .
why is he on leave ?
he is celebrating his birthday in his house .
why did you not attend the function ?
i will meet him this evening .
have you purchased any gift for him ?
yes sir . i have purchased a story book for him .
what is the cost of the book ?
the cost of the book is $ 24 .
will your parents go with you ?
yes sir .
do you know how to operate ?
i am learning .
when did you start training ?
only two days back sir .
be confident . do not be shy . can you see the programme ?
yes sir . it is well planned .
there is your friend . look at him .
he is also having training only from yesterday .
how much time will you take ?
i will take only 30 minutes , sir .
we will go round all the computer classes today  .
yes sir . we are happy to meet him .
why are you slow in eating ?
i am not well . i am suffering from cold .
did you tell me yesterday ?
i forgot to tell you .
after meals go to the medical shop and get some table .
he told me and i forget to tell you .
apply for leave today .
no . my teacher will not permit me . i must go to school .
go to the medical shop and then go to school .
yes father . i will do so .
when did you arrive at the station ?
i came here at 5 pm .
which train are you waiting for ?
i am waiting for the first express .
what is the time of departure ?
5 hrs .
have you reserved ?
i have reserved two tickets for me and my brother .
we are going to our grandfather house .
where does you grandfather reside ?
he resides at the next street .
come on . bring your camera to take a snap of the tall building there .
what is that sir ?
it is the hotel where we stay .
what is the name of the lodge ?
it is a palace .
shall we go round the famous lake here ?
yes . we shall go and have a ride in the boat .
what are they doing ?
they are playing and running .
the driver is not there . where has he gone ?
he has gone to the hotel for tea .
look at the birds . they are beautiful .
there is a parrot above my head . it is very nice .
oh ! there you can see them .
there is the owl and a bird that i do not know .
we can see the eagle also .
who are standing near the bird ?
a boy and a girl are standing near the bird .
what are they doing ?
they are admiring the beauty of the birds .
we had a nice time today in the park .
have you taken bath ?
i have finished . why do not you go ?
i am ready . but i am waiting for the three persons bathing there .
they will return only after half an hour .
i am following my friends to take bath .
whose boots are they ?
they are mine . i will take them after my return from bath .
where is our bus waiting for us ?
our bus is near the entrance of the school .
when will we start our return journey ?
we will start at 12 pm .
what is that building ?
it is a church .
how do you know that it is a church ?
ca not you see the cross on the top of the tower ?
yes . i understand . when will the prayer begin ?
it will begin at 10 am .
shall we enter the church ? will they permit us ?
they will permit us if we like to go in .
will there be service on all days ?
it will be on sundays and on the days of christian festivals .
what do you want ?
i want to send money to my brother .
where is the money order form ?
here it is .
how much do you want to send to your brother ?
one hundred only .
where is your brother studying ?
he is studying in us .
sir , what is the money order commission ?
five dollars .
when will the money order reach him ?
your brother will get the money tomorrow . do not worry .
what do you want ?
i want reservation of two tickets .
give me the filled reservation form .
here it is .
there is no seat available .
is there any chance available in the express ?
yes . there are two seats available in the express .
what is the fare please ?
the fare is 5 .
what is the time of departure ?
the time of departure is 9 pm .
thank you sir . 
what do you want ?
i want to apply for loan .
where are you studying now ?
i am studying in government engineering college .
what branch have you chosen ?
i have chosen mechanical branch .
i need a loan of five thousands for my professional studies .
what is your father ?
my father is an inspector of police .
i will sanction a loan of four thousands only . it is the limit .
shall i bring my father tomorrow ?
yes . meet me tomorrow morning with your father .
good morning sir . may i help you ?
good morning . i need a room .
do you require a single or double room or a suite ?
well ! a single room will do .
please fill your name in this register .
may i know the tariff please ?
it is nine hundred rupees a day .
does it include breakfast ?
no sir . it is just for the accommodation sir .
is the room air conditioned ?
all our rooms are centrally air conditioned .
do you have a restaurant ?
not one . we have three . we offer different restaurants .
well ! that is good news . i can choose different cuisine for different meals .
may i know the duration of your stay ?
oh ! i have not filled that column because i have not decided on my period of stay yet . it all depends on how early or how late i am going to finish my work . but , tentatively , i shall write it as four days .
that will do . please inform us about your extension one day earlier .
sure . by the way , do you have laundry facility here ?
yes . please call up the housekeeping department and they will have the clothes picked up .
how do i get the extension phone numbers for all the departments ?
all the house phone numbers are in a list kept near the telephone .
oh ! that will do . thank you . you have been very helpful .
my pleasure ! i am here to help you .
thanks . well i am rather tired . can you please ask the bellboy to bring my luggage to the room ?
certainly . here is your key .
thank you very much .
you are welcome .
have you been waiting for long ?
hi ! i just arrived a few minutes ago . john is supposed to join us . is not he ?
yes . he is . oh ! there he is !
hey guys ! nice to see you both . hope i am not late !
oh ! you are just in time . sit down and relax . shall we order some drinks ?
that had be fine .
fine . now tell me what is the occasion for this sudden invitation to dinner ?
friends it is my birthday .
happy birthday to you dear ! happy birthday to you ! what a pleasant surprise !
come on guys ! it is just a pretext to meet you ! you know well that we are grown up enough not to celebrate birthdays !
well ! whatever ! it is 'a good thought . once again , many happy returns of the day !
that is right . especially when we are so far away from home and families .
yes . i got a bit nostalgic remembering how my dad and mom , sister and brother used to make a lot of fuss on my birthday !
i understand . i too felt the same on my birthday last month . most probably all three of us are on our own for our birthdays for the first time .
well ! mine is fast approaching . it is next month . now i know what to do on my birthday .
great ! so we have another invitation corning next month !
what to do ? we have grown into men and moved out of home in search of professional prospects and we have to make the best of the situation .
that is right .
well ! i think we should place our orders now .
could i have the order sir ?
oh ! sure ! for me it is one chicken fried and rice .
how about some soup sir ?
no . not for me .
how about the dessert , sir ? you can also order later .
that had do for now . let is order dessert after we eat all this . tell me how long will you take to serve ?
in a few minutes sir . we wo not keep you waiting .
very good !
that was a splendid dinner . doubly so , because , we shared it on your birthday .
yes . especially when we are so far away from home .
i am so happy you both shared the dinner with me today . thanks a ton folks !
actually we should be thanking you . by the way , you know now how to spend your birthday . do not you ?
oh ! sure ! but we will choose another restaurant . not that anything is wrong with this place .
that is right . this is good . still we will choose another so that we will get to eat at other places too .
that is a good idea ! so let is keep in touch .
certainly . bye for now .
good night . take care . see you .
bye . bye .
bye . bye .
good morning sir .
good morning . please sit down , i am john , the ceo of this company .
so glad to meet you sir .
good to meet you too . your cv is very impressive . you have done well in your academics !
thank you very much sir .
well ! bright students like you generally proceed to foreign universities for higher studies . how come you did not opt for it ?
first of all , my parents could not afford it . secondly , i believe the local institutions offer quality education and it depends on the students .
well ! i felt a technical degree along with master in marketing would help me move upwards in my career .
that is good thinking ! certainly that is why you are here for this interview .
thank you very much sir . well ! may i know how long the training will be ?
training will be for six months . trainees will be shifted to the regional offices .
is there any exam to be passed at the end of the training sir ?
no . no exam as such . but you will be assessed for your performance through the entire training period .
sir , when will i get to know the result of this interview ?
say , within two weeks . you see , we have scheduled a number of interviews for this week . best of luck !
thank you very much sir . you are very kind .
you are welcome !
good morning , sir , may i help you ?
good morning . i am looking for some books on english language teaching and i would like to enroll as a member too .
oh ! sure . we have plenty of material on english language teaching . you can surely enrol as a member .
oh ! that is splendid ! where can i find them ?
please go to the middle section and there is a full section to your right .
oh ! there is quite a stock . now , may i know the rules for enrolment ?
well . you need to fill in this application form and you have to be introduced by a member of this library .
oh ! that will be fine . by the way , what is the membership fee ?
it is five hundred annually .
how many books can i take at one time ?
you can take three books and two journals at one time .
how long can i keep them ?
two weeks are the limit .
that is okay . do you have a catalogue ?
no . you can check the titles and authors in the computer .
oh ! that is fine . tell me , do you have any other facility ?
yes . we have a section where you can also watch videos .
very good ! are you open on sundays ?
no . we are open from monday to saturday .
that suits me fine . i will come tomorrow with the filled in application . thank you very much . you have been a great help .
you are most welcome . good day ! 
good afternoon , how are you today ?
good afternoon , i am doing well . and you ?
i am great , thank you . this is my best friend john . he would like to ask you a few questions .
hello , john ! it is a nice to meet you . i am very busy today . can you come to my office tomorrow morning ?
yes , that will be no problem . thank you for making time for me and speaking to me today .
see you tomorrow !
well , hello there ! wow it is a long time no see ! it is great to see you again .
hello ! what a coincidence ! i haven not seen you in ages ! it is great to see you . what are you doing here ?
i just got a new job here , so i am shopping for some new clothes . hey , what do you think of this skirt ? 
well , you remember how much i love black . see ? i have got the same skirt as you !
you have always had great taste in clothes ! well this is a small world .
we must keep in touch . you still have my mobile number ?
no . i lost my phone here is my new number .
ok . i will save your number .
i have got to go back to work , give us a ring so we can arrange dinner sometime .
for sure , take care bye .
how is mary doing ? i have not seen her for ages .
oh , she is fine . she just got a job with the government .
that is great news . we should get together one of these days . my wife would love to see you both , too .
sure . that had be great .
it is really cold outside ! i thought this cold front was supposed to finish last night .
yes , i thought so too . that is what i saw on the weather report on tv last night . they never get the weather right .
i suppose the wind chill is really bringing down the temperature down making it cooler than it is .
do you mind if we go inside ? i feel like my toes are starting to go numb . i will make us both some warm coffee .
that sounds great . do you have any cookies ?
for sure . i brought a packet this morning .
i will also make a log fire .
that sounds wonderful . i like log fires they are so beautiful .
ok let is get inside and get warm .
what time is it ? we are going to be late for the party !
it is six . we are on time . do not worry we will be fine .
but i thought we had to be at her house by 6 for her surprise birthday party .
sure we will . we are not far away now . can you phone her husband ?
i will phone him now .
thank you !
what do you do for a living ?
i am sorry , i do not understand the question .
what is your occupation ?
i am a mechanic ; i work in a garage .
a mechanic ? you must do a lot of work and get very dirty .
yes i do lots of work . every day i fix cars and it takes a long time to get clean after work .
that is really interesting . how many cars do you think you fix in a day ?
on average i probably fix about seven cars every day i do get tired .
what , sort of job do you have ?
i do not have a job at the moment .
why ?
i am at college .
thanks for the chat i have to get back to work now .
yes , thanks also .
excuse me , am sorry to trouble you , but could you tell me how i can get to the train station ?
yes no problem , it is that way . keeping walking straight ahead then after you pass the library you have to turn left . you cannot miss it !
thank you so much ! i have only been in this city for a few days , so i do not know how to get anywhere yet .
oh , i know that feeling . me and my husband moved here a 6 months ago , and i still do not know how to find certain places !
so just to double check keep walking straight ahead till i pass the library . is that correct ?
yes , that is correct .
well thanks for helping me . i must go and catch my train , hopefully i have not miss it !
ok , bye .
bye .
oh my god ! that car just hit another car !
can you see if anyone is hurt ?
it looks like a woman is hurt .
an ambulance will be there in 5 minutes
good , i hope the woman is ok she looks to be moving with no problems .
yes , i hope so too . you have to be very careful at all times when you are driving .
good morning , what can i do for you today ?
good morning . i have to send this letter to us , please .
ok , you also have the option of using international signed for .
what is that ? 
same as airmail , but the person in us has to sign for it when the post man delivers it to them .
how much does that cost ?
an extra five dollars .
it is ok . oh , i nearly forgot . i need to buy 2 stamps .
ok , that will be 7 dollars .
it is ok .
my name is tom . what is yours ?
i am mary .
hi , mary . what level are you in ?
i am in level three . and you ?
i am in level 3 , too . so this is the right classroom .
do you work , tom ?
yes , i do . i go to work after class .
what kind of work do you do ?
i am a baker . i work until 7 :00 pm .
that is interesting .
yes , it is . i bake bread and cookies .
i am a baby sitter . i go to work after class too .
what days do you work ?
i work every day except wednesday . and you ?
i work every day except weekends .
where do you live ?
i live in san francisco . and you ?
i do not live in san francisco , i live in daly city .
are you married ?
yes , i am . my husband works as a janitor .
does he study english too ?
yes , he does . he studies at night . how about you ?
i am single , but i have a girlfriend .
i met my husband eight years ago .
do you have any brothers or sisters ?
yes , i do . i come from a large family .
really ? how many brothers or sisters do you have ?
i have four brothers and three sisters .
what country are you from .
originally , i am from guatemala . but we moved to mexico three years ago .
do any of your brothers or sisters live here ?
yes , two brothers and one sister live in san francisco .
does your sister attend city college too ?
yes , she does . she studies music . she is in level one . she is married . do you come from mexico ?
no , i do not . i am from nicaragua .
how many children do you have ?
i have two children , a boy and a girl .
how old are they ?
my son is five and my daughter is seven .
does your son go to school ?
yes , he does . he is in kindergarten . my daughter is in second grade .
do your children like school ?
they like school very much , but they are happy after school , too .
what do they do after school ?
they always play in the playground .
my sister has three kids . they all go to school .
does she work ?
yes , she does . but her schedule is flexible . she works part time .
you go to school every day and you also work .
yes , and i also take care of my children .
you are a very busy person .
so are you . you go to school every day and you work .
that is okay . i like to study .
what do you do in your free time ?
i like to visit my brothers and sisters and listen to music .
i like to read good novels and poems .
where do you find books to read ?
i go to the mission branch library .
where is that library ?
it is at the corner of 24th and bartlett .
it is just two blocks from here .
the summertime is cold in san francisco .
i agree . it is different from my country .
it is always very cold in the morning .
it is foggy outside now .
yes . i wear my jacket every morning .
i sometimes wear a sweater when it is cold .
my name is thelma . what is yours ?
i am robert , but my friends call me bob .
hi , bob . what book is that ?
this is side by side book two .
is it the book for this level three class ?
yes , it is . it is not too expensive . it is a good book .
do you go to work after class ?
no , i do not , but i need a job . i ‘m a painter .
i am a sales clerk . i work until 5 :00 pm .
that is interesting . do you have a lot of customers ?
yes , we do . we have a lot of good clothing .
i want a part time job . i want to learn more english .
what days do you work ?
i work three days a week . it is a part time job .
my brother is a cook . he has a pretty good job .
where does he work ?
he works downtown . his restaurant is on market street
i never go downtown . i work in daly city .
are you married ?
yes , i am . my wife works as a waitress .
does she study english too ?
yes , she does . she goes to night class .
do you have any children ?
we have one son . we want another child .
do you have any brothers or sisters ?
yes , i do . i come from a large family .
really ? how many brothers or sisters do you have ?
i have two brothers and eight sisters .
wow . you certainly have a large family .
most of them are here in the u .s . they live in different parts of the country .
do any of your sisters live in san francisco ?
yes , my sister sylvia lives here . she studies at city college .
does she speak english ?
yes , she does . she speaks english very well .
does she speak any other languages ?
she speaks a little french too . she took a french class last year .
she is married and has two daughters .
how old are they ?
they are twelve and thirteen .
do they go to school ?
yes . they both go to horace mann middle school .
do her children like school ?
they like school very much . they have excellent teachers .
what do they usually do on weekends ?
they like to visit their uncle . he has a big tv .
my sister has three kids . they do not go to school . they are too young . .
does she work ?
what do you mean ? she has three kids . she is a full time mother .
how far do you live from this campus ?
i live about two miles from here . i have to take the bus . how about you ?
i only live a few blocks from mission campus . i usually walk unless it rains .
the bus is slow . sometimes i wait a long time .
my friend jose drives to school .
that is convenient .
not always . it is difficult to find a parking space .
i try to eat well and get exercise .
you look healthy .
i walk a lot , and i also ride my bicycle when i can .
i try to exercise , but i do not always have time .
a little exercise is good for you .
i enjoy swimming and playing tennis .
does this class meet monday to friday ?
yes , it does . this is a morning class . the afternoon classes do not meet on friday .
do the evening classes meet on friday ?
no , they do not . they only meet monday to thursday nights .
my husband works in the morning . he needs an evening class .
where is mike ?
he is at home .
what is he doing ?
he is studying .
what is he studying ?
he is studying english .
where are tom and mary ?
they are at school .
what are they doing ?
they are studying english .
when is their class ?
it is at 10 :30 .
where are you going ?
i am going to the supermarket .
what are you buying ?
i am buying some groceries .
when are you coming back ?
i am coming back at 2 o’clock .
where is pedro ?
he is  .
what does he do ?
he is a carpenter .
when does he work ?
he works from 9 o’clock to 5 o’clock .
how many children do you have ?
i have two children .
how old are they ?
my son is 6 . my daughter is 3 .
does your son go to school ?
yes , he does . he is in the first grade .
does your daughter go to school ?
no , she does not .
where is your daughter now ?
she is at home .
what is she doing ?
she is playing with her dolls .
where is your son ?
he is at school .
what is he doing ?
he is studying math .
does he like school ?
yes , he does . he likes it a lot .
how many brothers and sisters do you have ?
i have two brothers and one sister .
what do they do ?
they are students .
are they in school now ?
yes , they are . they are in high school .
where are kathy and bill ?
they are at work .
what do they do ?
they are police officers .
when do they work ?
they work from 6 am to 4 pm .
how many students do we have ?
we have thirty six students .
what room are we in ?
we are in room .
what are we doing ?
we are listening to tapes .
is mike at home ?
no , he is not . he is at school .
is he studying english ?
no , he is not . he is studying computers .
where is he going after class ?
he is going to work .
are tom and mary at school ?
no , they are not . they are at home .
are they studying english ?
no , they are not . they are painting their living room .
what color are they painting it ?
they are painting it green .
are you going to the supermarket ?
no , i am not . i am going to the bank .
are you going to the drugstore , too ?
no , i am not . i am only going to the bank .
are you coming back at 2 o’clock ?
no , i am not . i am coming back at 3 o’clock .
is maria going to the laundromat ?
no , she is not . she is going to the supermarket .
is she going to the park , too ?
no , she is not . she is only going to the supermarket .
is she coming back at 1 o’clock ?
no , she is not . she is coming back at 2 o’clock .
are tom and mary going to the parking lot ?
yes , they are . they need their car .
where are they going ?
they are going to the restaurant .
are they going to the movies , too ?
no , they are not . they are only going to the restaurant .
is mary in room 2 ?
no , she is not . she is in room 3 .
is she writing the homework ?
no , she is not . she is listening to a tape .
is she going to work now ?
no , she is not . she is going to work after class .
is jeff a janitor ?
no , he is not . he is a security guard .
is he at work now ?
no , he is not . he is at home .
is he cleaning his house ?
no , he is not . he is reading the newspaper .
are your children in school ?
no , they are not . it is a holiday .
where are they ?
they are in the park .
what are they doing ?
they are playing baseball .
are they playing soccer , too ?
no , they are not . they are only playing baseball .
are peter and olga at home ?
yes , they are , but they are busy right now .
what are they doing ?
they are working in the yard .
that is a good idea . it is a nice day .
they are raking leaves and cutting the grass .
is your daughter at school ?
no , she is not . she is at the bank .
why is not she at school ? is not she a student ?
no , she is not . she has a job at the bank .
your daughter works at the bank . is she a teller ?
yes , she is . she is going to college next year .
where are you going ?
i am going to the drugstore .
why are you going there ?
i need some medicine .
when are you coming back ?
around 2 .
where is jose going ?
he is going to visit his friend .
where does his friend live ?
on valencia street .
when is he coming back ?
around 3 o’clock .
are david and olga going to school now ?
no , they are not . they have to work .
when are they going to school ?
this evening .
are they going to study math ?
no , they are not . they are going to study english .
where is maria going now ?
she is going to the post office .
why is she going there ?
she is going to send a letter .
is she buying any stamps ?
yes , she is . she is buying some stamps .
what are you looking for ?
i am looking for my pen .
what color is it ?
it is blue . did you see it ?
i think so . is this your pen ?
yes , that is my pen . thanks .
where are you going now ?
i am going to the station .
oh . are you going to fields ?
no , i am not . i am going to the city .
well , have a good ride .
thank you . i will see you tomorrow .
where is susan going now ?
she is going to the bart station .
oh . is she going to daly city ?
no , she is not . she is going to europe .
how long will it take ?
it is fast . only about 45 minutes .
how often do the buses come ?
they come every fifteen minutes .
is that the number 14 bus coming now ?
no , it is not . it is the number 49 bus .
i do not want that bus .
do not worry . the number 14 will be here any minute .
are you waiting for the street car ?
yes , i am . is it coming soon ?
yes , it is . i think i see it now .
is it the j street car ?
yes , it is . are you going downtown ?
no , i am going to civic center .
is john busy ?
yes , he is . he is at the laundromat .
what is he doing ?
he is washing his clothes .
please , tell him i called .
sure . i will give him the message .
are david and olga busy ?
yes , they are . they are at school .
what are they doing ?
they are studying english .
please , tell them i called .
sure . i will give them the message .
is sandra busy ?
yes , she is . she is at the nightclub .
what is she doing ?
she is playing the piano .
please , tell her i called .
sure . i will give her the message .
mario ca not talk to you now . he is busy .
what is he doing ?
he is cooking dinner .
that is okay . please tell him i called .
sure . i will give him the message .
i will call back tomorrow .
sylvia ca not talk to you now . she is busy .
what is she doing ?
she is cleaning her room .
that is okay . please tell her i called .
sure . i will give her the message .
i will call back in a little while .
where are mr . and mrs . wilson ?
they are in the dining room .
are they having dinner now ?
yes , they are . can i take a message ?
yes , this is their friend roberta .
i will tell them you called .
where are mr . and mrs . johnson ?
they are in the basement right now .
what are they doing ?
they are looking for old letters .
please , tell them i called .
sure . i will give them the message .
are your students interesting ?
yes , they are . they are from different countries .
do they speak different languages ?
yes , they do . english is not mr . soto is first language .
what language does mr . soto speak ?
he speaks japanese . he is from japan .
are your students interesting ?
yes , they are . they are from different countries .
do they speak different languages ?
yes , they do . english is not mario is first language .
what language does mario speak ?
he speaks spanish . he is from mexico .
are your students interesting ?
yes , they are . they are from different countries .
do they speak different languages ?
yes , they do . english is not natasha is first language .
what language does she speak ?
she speaks russian . she is from moscow .
what are your students doing now ?
they are practiciing conversation .
are they studying pronunciation too ?
yes , they are . they practice conversation and study pronunciation every day .
when are they going to read a story ?
they are going to read a story on friday .
where are tom and mary ?
they are at school .
what are they doing ?
they are studying english .
when is their class ?
it is at 10 .
where are you going now ?
i am going to the bart station .
oh . are you going to berkeley ?
no , i am not . i am going to daly city .
well , have a good ride .
thank you . i will see you tomorrow .
are your children in school ?
no , they are not . it is a holiday .
where are they ?
they are in the park .
what are they doing ?
they are playing baseball .
are they playing soccer , too ?
no , they are not . they are only playing baseball .
where are you going ?
i am going to the supermarket .
what are you buying ?
i am buying some groceries .
when are you coming back ?
i am coming back at 2 o’clock .
some students are absent today .
where are they ? are they at work ?
maria is not at work . she is at the dentist .
where are mr . and mrs . soto today ?
they are at the social security office .
our teacher is absent today , too !
are you waiting for the street car ?
yes , i am . is it coming soon ?
yes , it is . i think i see it now .
is it the j street car ?
yes , it is . are you going downtown ?
no , i am going to civic center .
some students are absent today .
where are they ? do you know ?
george is not here . he is working today .
where are david and olga today ?
they are shopping downtown .
our teacher is not here , either !
what are sam and betty doing ?
they are watching tv .
what program are they watching ?
they are watching the news on channel five .
do they like to watch tv ?
yes . they sometimes like to watch tv .
what is mary doing right now ?
she is practicing the piano .
how often does she practice ?
b she practices piano every evening .
she likes to play the piano .
she certainly does .
what is henry doing right now ?
he is cooking dinner .
what kind of food is he cooking ?
he is cooking mexican food .
how often does he cook ?
he cooks three times a week .
is linda busy ?
yes , she is . she is washing her hair .
is ted busy ?
yes , he is . he is feeding his dog .
i have to talk to linda or ted .
you will have to call back later .
where is walter ?
he is in the kitchen .
what is he doing ?
he is eating breakfast .
i need to talk to him right away .
okay . i will go and get him .
where are mr . and mrs . smith ?
they are in the dining room .
are they eating dinner ?
yes , they are . do you need to talk to them ?
no , that is all right . i do not want to bother them .
i will tell them you called .
what is martha doing ?
she is watching tv .
can i talk to her please ? it is important .
but , she is watching her favorite program .
all right . i can call back later .
i will tell her you called .
are bob and judy busy ?
yes , they are . they are washing their windows .
i need to talk them right away .
is it important ?
yes , it is . it is very important .
okay . i will go and get them .
what is patty williams doing ?
she is fixing her bicycle .
i need to talk to her right away .
i am sorry . she is not home right now .
she is not ? where is she ?
she is in the parking lot .
what is charlie harris doing ?
he is playing the piano .
i have to speak with him right now .
i am very sorry , but he is not here .
not there ? where is he ?
he is at the night club now .
are mr . and mrs . green busy ?
yes , they are . they are eating dinner .
i want to talk to mrs . green , please .
i am sorry . they are not home right now .
well , where are they ? do you know ?
yes , they are at stanley is restaurant .
i want to talk with mr . sharp .
i am sorry . mr . sharp is not home .
where is he ? do you know ?
at the laundromat . do you want to talk to mrs .sharp ?
yes , i want to talk to her . it is urgent .
i will go and get her right now .
is mr . nathan home ?
no , he is not . he is in the park .
what is he doing ?
he is reading today is newspaper .
okay . i will call back tomorrow .
i will tell him you called .
i am calling about the apartment for rent .
do you have any questions about it ?
yes . is there a stove in the kitchen ?
yes , there is . it is a new stove .
is there a refrigerator ?
yes , there is . i bought it last year .
do you have another question ?
yes . are the utilities included in the rent ?
no . you must pay for the gas and electric .
must i pay for the garbage and water ?
no . those are included in the rent .
when can i see the apartment ?
you can see the apartment right now .
is your address 516 valencia street ?
that is correct . are you driving ?
no , i am not . i am walking .
where are you walking from ?
i am at mission and 22nd street right now .
hello ?
i am calling about the apartment for rent .
do you have any questions about it ?
is it still available ?
yes , that apartment is still available .
i would like to take a look at it .
i am happy to show it to you .
we are looking for an apartment .
what area do you want to live in ?
the mission district is fine .
how many bedrooms do you need ?
we need two or three bedrooms .
there is a nice two bedroom apartment on 2nd street
are there closets in the bedrooms ?
yes , and those closets are large .
how many bathrooms are there ?
there is only one bathroom , but it is very nice .
how much does it rent for ?
it rents for six hundred a month .
my son is looking for an apartment .
how many bedrooms does he want ?
he only needs one bedroom .
there is a clean studio apartment on valencia street .
are there any parking spaces ?
no , there are not . but the buses come often .
i am looking for an apartment .
what area are you interested in ?
i want to live in the downtown area .
how many bedrooms do you need ?
i need a two bedroom apartment .
there is a two bedroom unit on mission near third .
does it have a good view ?
yes . it is on the third floor .
does the building have an elevator ?
yes , it does . the elevator is new .
is there any parking ?
yes . there are six parking spaces .
we like this apartment very much . we would like to rent it .
i need to see your references .
i will give you the name and number of my employer . how is that ?
fine . i need the first and last month is rent .
do you need a cleaning deposit ?
yes . it is one hundred dollars . the cleaning deposit and the last month is rent are refundable .
when do you get up ?
i usually get up at 6 am .
when do you leave for school ?
i usually leave for school at 7 am .
where do you have breakfast ?
i usually have breakfast at home .
when do you get to school ?
i usually get to school at 8 am .
do you take the bus or walk ?
i sometimes take the bus , and i sometimes walk .
where do you have lunch ?
i usually bring my lunch from home .
when does your sister get home ?
she usually gets home at 5 pm .
when does she eat dinner ?
she usually eats dinner at 6 pm .
what does she do after dinner ?
she always listens to her phone messages .
my brother usually watches tv .
what does he like to watch ?
he likes to watch the news .
when does he go to bed ?
he usually goes to bed around 11 :00 pm .
i like to read a book every evening .
does your daughter get up at 6 ?
no , she does not . she gets up at 7 .
why does she get up so late ?
she does not like to get up .
is she sometimes late for school ?
yes . she sometimes misses the bus .
where do you usually have lunch ?
we go to stanley is restaurant every day .
is it a good restaurant ?
it is not bad . they have dishes from different countries .
does stanley cook mexican food ?
yes , he does . he cooks mexican food on saturdays .
is something wrong ? are you okay ?
i am very tired . i work too much .
when do you begin work ?
i begin work at 9 am every day .
when do you finish work ?
i finish work around 7 pm daily .
your friend is sleeping . is he okay ?
he is very tired . he works too much .
how long does he work every day ?
he sometimes works ten hours a day .
how many days does he work every week ?
he sometimes works six days a week .
when is your day off ?
wednesday is my day off .
what do you do on your day off ?
i sometimes visit my sister .
do you have any vacation ?
no , i do not . i never have a vacation .
when is julia is day off ?
thursday is her day off .
where does she go on her day off ?
she likes to go shopping ?
where does she go shopping ?
she goes shopping .
what do you usually do on sundays ?
in the morning , i go to church .
who do you go to church with ?
i always go with my family .
what do you do after church ?
we sometimes go to the park .
what do you do for your summer vacation ?
i like to relax and read books .
what kind of books do you read ?
i always read mysteries .
what do you do at night after work ?
i do not do much . i just take it easy .
where do you usually buy food ?
i always buy food at safeway .
how far is it from your apartment ?
it is only a couple of blocks .
that is very convenient , is not it ?
yes , it is . the bus stop is near my apartment , too .
where does your sister buy medicine ?
she buys it at walgreen is .
how far is it from her house ?
it is convenient . only three blocks .
does she go shopping at safeway , too ?
no , safeway is too far . she goes to cala foods instead .
i would like to cash this check .
do you have an account at this bank ?
yes . i have a checking account .
please , sign your name on the back .
how much do i have in my account ?
you have $500 .00 in your account .
do you like to go fishing ?
yes . i go fishing once in a while .
where do you go fishing ?
i go fishing at fisherman is wharf .
do you ever catch anything ?
no , i never catch anything . but it is fun anyway .
how often do you play cards ?
i play cards once a month .
who do you play cards with ?
i usually play cards with my neighbors .
how long do you usually play ?
we sometimes play cards until two in the morning .
how often does your cousin go to church ?
he never goes to church .
what does he do on sundays ?
he likes to spend time with his girlfriend .
do they like to play tennis ?
yes . they sometimes play tennis , and they sometimes have a picnic .
i do not have time to go dancing .
why not ? are you busy tonight ?
yes , i am . i have to paint my apartment .
are you busy tomorrow morning ?
no . what do you want to do ?
let is go for a walk in the park .
i do not have time to talk right now .
do you have time tomorrow ?
yes . i will talk to you tomorrow .
okay . i will see you then .
what do you do in your free time ?
i often go to the movies .
are you going to the movies tonight ?
no . i am going dancing tonight .
how often do you go dancing ?
i go dancing once or twice a month .
judy sometimes goes dancing .
does she do anything else in her free time ?
yes , she sometimes goes out with her friends .
where do they usually go ?
they sometimes go to parties .
judy must have a lot of fun .
what do you know about maria ?
she paints beautiful t shirts .
i know that . what else does she do ?
she also works part time as a waitress .
does she work monday to friday ?
yes . she sometimes works on the weekend , too .
i really like my job .
what kind of work do you do ?
i am a taxi driver .
why do you like your job ?
i meet a lot of interesting people .
when do you usually work ?
from 5 in the afternoon until midnight .
i ca not talk now . i have to run .
why are you in a hurry ?
i have to catch the bus .
maybe we will have time tomorrow .
yes , i really want to talk to you .
i like my job , but i have a problem .
what is your problem ?
i do not want to talk about it .
come on . tell me . it is all right .
i never see my wife . she works from 9 to 5 .
i understand . and you work from 5 until midnight . that is a big problem .
joe has a big problem .
everybody has problems . what is his ?
he and his wife have different work schedules .
that is not a very big problem .
it is not ? why do you say that ?
they can see each other on the weekend .
yolanda works very hard every day .
i know . she does not have much free time .
she does not go to movies or parties .
she does not watch tv , either .
she has time to work , eat , and sleep .
she does not have time for much else .
speak louder , please . i ca not hear .
why not ? what is going on ?
there is some construction outside .
what are the construction workers doing ?
they are tearing down a building .
i will try to talk louder .
i ca not talk right now .
why are you running ?
i have to run or i will miss the bus .
you said the same thing yesterday .
how much bread do we have ?
we only have one loaf .
we have to go and buy more bread .
why do we need more bread ?
do not you remember ? we have to make sandwiches .
that is right ! we are going on a picnic tomorrow .
i do not have enough milk for breakfast .
how much do you need ?
i only have a cup , but i need a pint .
i can go to the store and buy some .
do you have enough money ?
yes . i have a couple of dollars . that should be enough .
may i see the menu please ?
here you are . i will come back in a minute .
where is our waitress ? she is gone .
may i take your order please ?
there she is ! yes , i will have chicken .
would you like soup or salad with that ?
i had like a salad .
what kind of dressing would you like ?
i had like oil and vinegar dressing .
would you like baked potato or french fries ?
i had like french fries .
what would you like to drink ?
i had like a glass of iced tea .
i will bring your tea now .
thank you . and could you bring more bread and butter ?
yes , certainly . i will be right back .
i like this restaurant very much .
so do i . i hope we can eat here again soon .
we are out of lettuce . we need more .
why do we need more lettuce ?
we have to make sandwiches . do not forget .
that is right . i will go to the corner and buy some .
also , please buy some tomatoes .
oh , no . we are out of tomatoes too ?
our neighbor needs some sugar .
why does she need sugar ?
she is out of sugar , and she is making a cake .
no problem . we will give her a cup of sugar .
are you sure we have some ?
yes , i am sure we have lots of sugar .
excuse me , please . where is the milk ?
the dairy section , end of aisle 8 .
and where can i find the tomatoes ?
the produce section , over there .
and where can i find the salt ?
you will find it in the middle of aisle 6 .
i need some lettuce , but i ca not find it .
it is usually in the produce section .
but , there is not any lettuce there now .
i guess we ran out of lettuce . try again tomorrow .
i also need some tomatoes . i ca not find them either .
we ran out of them . we will have more tomorrow .
i tried to buy lettuce and tomatoes .
what happened ? why did not you buy them ?
the store did not have any lettuce or tomatoes .
that is too bad . now , we ca not make sandwiches .
but i have good news , too .
you are carrying a big bag of groceries .
yes , i am . i have apples , oranges , a watermelon , and grapes .
is this dress on sale ?
no , it is not . but this blouse is on sale .
how much is it ?
it is 3 dollars .
how much will i save ?
it was 35 dollars . so , you will save 5 dollars .
is this coat on sale ?
no , it is not . but this sweater is on sale .
how much is it ?
it is 2 dollars .
how much will i save ?
it was 3 dollars . so , you will save 6 dollars .
are these pants on sale ?
no , they are not . but these shoes are on sale .
how much are they ?
they are 8 dollars .
how much will i save ?
they were 6 dollars . so , you will save 4 dollars .
are these shirts expensive ?
no , they are not . they are cheap now .
how much are they ?
they are each 30 dollars .
how much will i save ?
they were 40 dollars . so , you will save 10 dollars .
i ca not talk now . i have to hurry .
why are you always late ?
because i do not get up early .
maybe we will have time tomorrow .
i want a red dress .
what size do you wear ?
i wear size ten . do you have that size ?
yes . all of the dresses are over there .
are they on sale this week ?
some of them are , and some of them are not .
i need a blue shirt .
what size do you wear ?
i wear a large size . do you have large shirts ?
yes . all of the shirts are over there .
are they on sale ?
yes . a few of them are on sale .
my son needs pants .
we do not sell boy is pants .
where can i buy pants for my son ?
you can buy them at the store across the street .
are they expensive ?
no . they are not expensive , and they are not cheap , either .
my daughter wants a green skirt .
we do not sell girl is clothes .
where can i buy a skirt for my daughter ?
you can buy it at the store across the street .
is it expensive ?
no , it is not expensive , and it is not cheap , either .
i went to macy is this morning .
did you find some nice clothes ?
yes , i did . i bought a warm sweater and new shoes .
did you try on the sweater before you bought it ?
yes , i did . it fit perfectly . it is a red sweater .
i like it very much . but , i think you should return the shoes . they are not attractive .
where are olga and david ?
they are in room 2 .
a ; is room 2 a classroom ?
yes , it is . they are students .
how long is their class ?
it is an hour and a forty five minutes .
is teresa home ?
no , she is not . she is at work .
do you have her work number ?
no , i do not . but , it is in the phone book .
where does she work ?
she works at safeway . she is a cashier .
where are ronald and julie ?
they are at home . they are retired .
what were their jobs ?
david was a teacher . mary was a secretary .
when did they retire ?
they retired last year .
is david at home ?
no , he is not . he is at work .
is he at work all day ?
yes , he is . he is a police officer .
when will he be home ?
he will be home before six .
donna and jim are nurses .
where do they work ?
they work at general hospital .
what are their hours ?
they work from 3 pm to midnight .
i will call them tomorrow morning .
jack is usually home before 5 .
where does he work ?
he works at rite aid drugstore .
do you have his work number ?
no , i do not . but it is in the phone book .
i will look it up and call him now .
dave and olga always come home before 12 .
where do they work . do you know ?
they do not work . they are students .
where do they go to school ?
they attend classes at mission campus .
i have that number . it is 550 4384 .
cindy always gets home by 4 :00 .
where does she go to school ?
she attends everett middle school .
what grade is she in ?
she is in the seventh grade .
that is okay . i can call back later .
how many children do you have ?
i have three children .
are they all in school ?
the two older children are in school .
how about your youngest child ?
she does not go to school yet .
my oldest son is in middle school .
how old is he ?
he will be thirteen next month .
what grade is he in ?
he is in the eighth grade .
does he like his classes ?
yes , he likes all his classes .
you look worried . what is the matter ?
i am having trouble with my sink .
are you trying to fix it ?
yes , but it is still leaking .
maybe you should call a plumber .
you are probably right .
ace plumbing company .
hello . do you fix kitchen sinks ?
yes , we do . what is your problem ?
my drain is stopped up . i ca not fix it .
we can send a plumber over there tomorrow morning . is 9 :30 am okay ?
oh , that is great . i will be here .
this light does not work .
are you trying to repair it ?
yes . i am trying to , but i ca not .
perhaps you should call an electrician .
i want to , but i do not know any electricians .
my friend jose is a good electrician . you should call him .
you looked concerned . what is the problem ?
this refrigerator does not work .
i know why . that refrigerator is very old .
i guess we need a new one .
maybe we can buy one on sale .
macy is has a sale this saturday .
i ca not talk . the bus is leaving .
you always almost miss the bus .
because i do not hear my alarm clock .
maybe you need a louder one .
hello . manager .
hello ? this is jonh jones in apartment #25 .
yes , mr . jones . how can i help you ?
my oven does not work .
okay . we will send someone to check it .
thanks very much .
i ca not fix your oven , mr . jones .
you ca not fix it ? why not ?
i think we need to replace your stove .
why do you need to replace it ?
your stove is too old . the parts are worn .
i hope you can replace it soon . i need a stove !
hello . may i speak to the landlord ?
speaking . how may i help you ?
i have a leaky faucet in the bathroom .
you need to tighten the handle .
i did that . the faucet still leaks .
i will send a plumber over there immediately .
i have another problem here .
another problem ? all right , what is it ?
my front door does not close .
i will send my brother over there right away .
i do not want him . i want a carpenter .
my brother is a carpenter .
oh , he is ? that is great .
i am sure he can fix your front door .
i am sorry to bother you again .
what is the problem this time ?
it rained very hard last night , you know .
do not tell me . there is a leak in your ceiling .
yes . it is very bad . i have to use a bucket .
i am angry because the roof is only two years old .
can you please do something about it ?
i will send a roofer over there today .
this is doctor is clark is office .
i had like to make an appointment  .
what is the problem ?
i have a bad cough .
can you come in on friday at 2 pm ?
2 pm ? that will be fine . thank you .
i had like to change my appointment .
when is your appointment . ?
it is on friday at 2 :00 pm .
i have an opening at 3 :00 pm . is that better ?
yes , that time is much better . thank you .
we will see you here at 3 :00 pm on friday .
how may i help you ?
what do you recommend for a sore throat ?
i recommend cold eze throat lozenges .
where can i find them ?
they are in aisle 3 on the top shelf .
i will try them and see if they work . thank you .
what do you recommend for a bad headache ?
i suggest you try aleve . it is good for pain .
aleve ? where can i find it ?
you can find it at any pharmacy .
will they have it at walgreen is ?
i am sure they have it there . walgreen is is not far .
my brother has acid indigestion .
i recommend tagamet  . it is very good for that .
where can i purchase tagamet ?
it is sold at most drugstores .
do they sell it at rite aide ?
yes , i am sure rite aide will have it .
doctor , what can i do for this cough ?
you need cough syrup .
cough syrup ? what kind should i get ?
i am giving you a prescription .
how often should i take the cough syrup ?
take two teaspoons at bedtime .
doctor , can you help me ? i ‘m in a lot of pain .
you need effective pain medicine .
pain medicine ? what kind should i get ?
i am giving you a prescription .
how often should i take the medicine ?
take two capsules every four hours .
i am calling about my pain medicine .
yes , how can i help you ?
the pharmacist wo not refill my prescription .
the doctor has to okay the refill . what is your pharmacy is phone number ?
it is 991 .
the doctor will call the pharmacy today .
my ankle is swollen and it hurts .
we should take an x ray .
why do i need an x ray ?
an x ray will tell us if it is broken or not .
what should i do now ?
you must go to room  !06 for the x ray .
your ankle is not broken . do not worry .
what is wrong with it ?
it is a sprained ankle . it will be better in two weeks .
what should i do ?
hi , mary . why are you here ?
i am here to get my id card .
what do you need to bring ?
i need to bring my birth certificate .
do you have to take a test ?
no , i do not . i only need to get my picture taken .
my friend tom is getting his learner permit .
does he have to take a test ?
yes , he does . he must take a written test .
does he have to take a road test ?
no . he will take the road test when he applies for his driver license .
julie . what are you doing here ?
i am applying for my driver license .
are you going to take the road test ?
i already took it . and , i passed it .
congratulations . what do you need to do now ?
now i need to get an eye test .
are you applying for a learner permit ?
yes , i am . and i am a little nervous ?
are you nervous about the written test ?
yes , i am . i hope i pass it .
if you do not pass it , you can take it again .
i know i can . but i want my learner is permit now .
i passed the written test .
that is great . i am glad you passed it .
now , i need to learn how to drive .
i know how to drive . i can teach you .
you can teach me how to drive ?
yes , i can . it is not difficult .
laura is going to teach me how to drive .
that is great . she is an excellent driver .
yes . she knows how to drive very well .
you do not know how to drive . that is your problem .
i am not worried . i will learn how to drive .
i am glad laura is going to teach you .
i passed the road test .
now you have a driver is license .
yes . now i need to buy a car .
what kind of car are you looking for ?
i do not want to buy an expensive car .
you should look in the want ads .
dora is going to look for a used car .
why does she want a used car ?
she does not want to buy an expensive one .
but used cars are not always good cars .
i know , but dora ca not afford a new one .
a good used car is hard to find .
manuel is applying for a driver license .
he is ? is he a little nervous ?
yes , he is . he is concerned about the road test .
i am sure manuel will pass it . he is a good driver .
yes . he knows how to drive very well .
he learned how to drive from laura .
i bought a used car yesterday .
you did ? how does it run ?
it has some problems . the brakes are not good .
you need to talk to a good mechanic .
i do not know any good mechanics . do you ?
yes , my friend is a good mechanic .
may i speak with the manager ?
yes . i am the manager .
i read your ad in the paper .
oh . do you want to apply for the cook job ?
that is right . i am very interested .
all right . please fill out this application form .
can i talk to the supervisor ?
yes , i am the supervisor . can i help you ?
i heard about an opening in your factory .
that is right . would you like to apply ?
yes , i would . i am very interested .
good . please fill out this application form .
may i speak to mrs . parker ?
i am mrs . parker . how can i help you ?
my friend told me you need a housekeeper .
that is right . do you want to apply for the job ?
yes , i do . i am very interested .
great . please fill out the application on the table .
i am calling about your ad for an office assistant .
good . i am glad you called .
is that job still available ?
yes , it is . but you need to fill out an application .
all right . when can i come in ?
you can come in during our office hours , from 9 to 5
your application is very good .
do you think so ?
yes , you have a lot of experience as a cook .
i can cook different kinds of food .
you can start on monday at 1 o’clock .
hello . personnel department .
hello . this is dave jones . i am calling about the teller job . i already filled out an application .
yes , mr . jones . your application is very good .
thank you . can i come in for an interview ?
yes . can you come in on monday at 10 :00 ?
on monday at 10 ? yes , i can .
do you have experience as a sales clerk ?
yes , i do . i have three years experience .
do you know how to use a cash register ?
yes , i do . i can use a cash register very well .
can you take inventory ?
yes . i know how to take inventory .
do you have experience as a janitor ?
yes , i do . i have two years experience .
do you know how to operate a vacuum cleaner ?
yes , i do . i can operate one very well .
can you clean large offices ?
yes . i know how to clean large offices .
may i speak to the manager ?
yes , i am the manager of this service station .
i want to ask about the mechanic job .
yes . that job is still available .
i have four years experience as a mechanic .
good . we need a mechanic . fill out this form .
what job are you applying for ?
i am applying for the cashier job .
do you have any experience ?
yes . i was a cashier in europe .
great . please , fill out this application .
